About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine dont work.
"Says Dan Patrick has ""called immigration into Texas an invasion"" and ""said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases."""
"In 2008, ""only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out."""
Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered.
McDonald's in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
"McCain's energy plan is a ""single-answer proposition""  new domestic oil drilling."
Says Ron Paul doesnt believe in marriage licenses.
"Louie Gohmert of Texas ""compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington."""
"Mitt Romney ""drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car."""
"Texas ""ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies."""
"Says Texas GOP platform calls for end to teaching ""critical thinking"" in public schools."
"Louie Gohmert of Texas ""blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.'"""
"Gov. Rick Perry ""used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget."""
Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
Says he's signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
"The federal government ""has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills"" and wont default."
"Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize ""pancakes for yuppies"" in Washington."
Says Obama policies contributed to gas prices rising from $1.89 in January 2009 to $3.51 today.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.
Says U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district hes seeking to represent.
Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
"New Jersey has had ""seven credit downgrades"" since Chris Christie became governor."
"So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas, because Kerry was seen as ""supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League."""
Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
"Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip ""mother"" and ""father"" from future Texas birth certificates."
A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city.
"There are ""a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud."""
"Florida has ""the most errors and exonerations from death row."""
13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor won't tell them.
Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician.
Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
"Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of ""immigration increases."""
The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
West Linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home-based businesses in the United States.
"Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore ""opposes any limit on taxes."""
"The Pentagon's survey about the ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policy found that 92 percent of service members ""agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat"" without compromising ""mission readiness."""
"McCain ""hasn't held executive responsibility."""
Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
"Floridas proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow ""people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking."""
Fox News airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. tribute with picture of Stephen A. Smith.
"The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax ""is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness."""
"Barack Obama ""refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel."""
One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now can't find a job.
Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
Nobody is leaving Memphis. That's a myth.
"The ""average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices."""
Texas still owns all of its public lands. If the federal gov't wants to create a park, they must ask permission!
Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else.
"Florida is ""second in the nation in the uninsured."""
"The election bill ""allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary."""
"Since Florida passed the ""stand your ground"" law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent."
Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
"Says Rick Perry recently said he ""wanted another (Texas) business tax."""
"U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson ""chose to side with President Obama"" against the Keystone pipeline"
Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
"The Justice Departments Fast and Furious gun-walking program ""started in the Bush administration."""
"Says ""Clackamas County has more urban renewal debt than all the other Oregon counties combined."""
The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk.
[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
"In Texas, ""sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers  that can mean up to 10 years in prison."""
For the first time in history, (Thors) hammer is being held by a woman.
As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.
There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor of Providence.
"Under Mayor Angel Taveras ""Providences bond rating was downgraded from A to BBB, two steps above junk-bond status."""
"Says ""there is a plan formulated by Chair (Lynn) Peterson and the cities in Clackamas County to further increase this fee in three years and split it up on projects between the county and cities."""
Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagan's presidency.
"In 1992, Mitt Romney ""gave money to Democrats for Congress."""
There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
"Says ""some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population."""
Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
(Obamacare) is a bill which has never once had a majority of Americans favor it.
"Obama's secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, ""has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon."""
We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
"The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but ""didnt know"" why it was cited."
On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagans staff quit.
"Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is ""waste, or fraud, they cant validate that the people should have gotten it,"" totaling about $8 billion a year."
In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
"Says Amazon has removed ""aneducational game about Gettysburg."""
"Shutdowns are ""a normal part of the constitutional process,"" with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip ONeill and two during his own speakership."
"Since 2007, ""Texas has gained 440,000 people"" while ""Maryland has lost 20,000."""
Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected.
"The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those whove stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate ""actually went up last month to 13.5 percent."""
"Says that Rick Santorum ""voted for the unions over FedEx."""
"Says a federal judge in San Antonio ""issued a ruling that  not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word benediction, the word invocation, the word God, asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail."""
"Says Mitt Romney ""put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."""
More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.
I never lobbied under any circumstance for Freddie Mac.
"Says IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could ""pay for"" health care reform."
"In Chile ""they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings."""
By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States.
"Under President Barack Obama, ""more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago."""
A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year.
"If today's economy was rebounding at the rate of the ""Reagan recovery,"" it would have created the equivalent of 25 million new jobs and raised federal revenue by $800 billion a year."
"President Barack Obama deserves to be called ""the most successful food stamp president in American history"" because ""47 million Americans are on food stamps."""
"The Obama administration ""actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department."""
"The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state ""is clearly illegal.  The Constitution says you cant take this stuff."""
Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
"One estimate says there may be ""three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."""
Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
"Students today ""take more years to get through"" college."
Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
"Says Mitt Romney ""runs away from Ronald Reagan."""
"In a watershed 1958 decision, ""the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress."""
The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because  twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created.
"President Barack Obama ""has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing."""
"Ben Bernanke has been the most ""inflationary"" chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve."
Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
"Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has ""exactly the same"" challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid."
"Democrats in Congress ""had control since  January of 2007. They haven't passed a law making waterboarding illegal. They  haven't gone into any of these things and changed law."""
"Says President Barack Obama got ""a pass"" over controversalremarks byRev. Jeremiah Wright, while a12-year-old speech by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise hasblown up into a national story."
"Says Hillary Clinton's health care plan from the 1990s ""had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out"" of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision."
"The biggest contribution behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment ""was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce"""
You cant put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon."""
When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets.
I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt.
The Obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to Islam.
"In New York City, ""an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher."""
I never favored cap and trade.
Community banks  are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank.
Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt.
"During his time as House speaker, ""unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent)."""
"When the United States ""first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."""
"Says he was ""exonerated in every single case"" in 1990s ethics violations charges."
"Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are ""government-sponsored enterprises"" like Freddie Mac."
No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say Merry Christmas.
"Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all ""government sponsored"" enterprises."
"Says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by ""a very partisan political committee"" in a way that ""related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics."""
"People can use food stamps ""for anything,"" including ""to go to Hawaii,"" and even millionaires can qualify."
"Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obamas health care bill created what ""would, in effect, be death panels."""
We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.
"A  recent Obama executive order could ""lead to a number of investigations by  Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American  officials."""
"Inside the stimulus package ""is anti-Christian legislation that  will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on  Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study  groups."""
Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples  even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
Film and television productions generated a $6 billion economic impact for Georgias economy in the most recent fiscal year.
I sponsored the new Buy American law
"Milwaukee is ""the most segregated city in America."""
"Homicides against blacks have tripled since Floridas ""stand your ground"" law has been in existence."
"Says Vladimir Putin once said, ""The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century."""
Wisconsins state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsins working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
"Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus ""was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider."""
One out of four of our young people say they are victims of this (dating) violence.
Georgia has had the nations busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more.
"The 2005 round of military base closings ""has not yet resulted in savings."""
"Polls show that Americans ""overwhelmingly"" support ""expanding background checks."""
In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
Paul Broun Jr. sides with sexual deviants to support sale of 'crush videos.' 
"Says Hillary Clinton's ""been very clear where she stands on trade."""
"Says Mitt Romney ""was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare."""
"Says India ""gained jobs thanks to Romney."""
Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romney's companies.
Mitt Romneys pledged to protect (oil companies') record profits  and their billions in special tax breaks, too.
Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant.
"Says Romney wants to ""take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid  to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires."""
Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
"About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants ""came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home."""
"Says the Constitution ""specifically states the Congress shall write legislation for immigration policy,"" so Barack Obama lacks the authority to defer the deportation of young illegal immigrants."
"Says an appointed board created under Obamacare ""will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!"""
"Says the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, ""whether you are here legally or illegally."""
The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
"Says the new health care law delivers a ""$13 billion tax increase on families with special needs."""
The bill also provides full federal  funding for abortions
"Says Chris Christie ""inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region."""
"Says with ""Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers"" New Jersey had ""the most job growth in 11 years."""
"Says Gov. Chris Christie ""cut spending (by) $1 billion"" and provided ""$850 million in new education funding."""
"Gov. Lawton Chiles said ""if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."""
People buy more items during Georgias sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity.
Q: What do these Patriotic' Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers.
(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
"Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung ""donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid."""
More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didn't have a single Moderate on their ballot.
Eleven states complete their [legislative] sessions within three calendar months, and another five only meet biennially.
"In Rhode Island, ""Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each."""
The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200.
"Under a bill before the legislature, ""youd have to go to court to fire an employee."""
"Rhode Island's unemployment insurance system ""is the most expensive such system in the country."""
"Says Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King ""voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent."""
"Food stamp spending ""doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama."""
"Says about NSA data collection: ""Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this."""
The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
"A ""majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants."""
"The 2013-15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers ""left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels."""
Hes been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites don't know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is.
"A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it ""so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it."""
"Under Gov. Scott Walker, ""unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally."""
"Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader ""killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed budget ""would sell off Wisconsins state parks."""
"A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans ""could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims"" who get an abortion."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker dropped out or was kicked out of college short of a degree ""not long after"" he was ""kicked out of student elections at Marquette University."""
"Says ""over 1 million signatures"" were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker."
Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise.
Says Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled.
The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""has been rated Americas most factually-challenged politician."""
"When asked by a reporter whether hes at the center of a ""criminal scheme"" to violate campaign laws, Gov. Scott Walker nodded yes."
(U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are  shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them.
Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
"As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have ""bolted windows inside the Capitol shut."""
"Governor-elect Scott Walkers opposition to high-speed rail ""killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs"""
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
The poorest in this country are women.
Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
"Electric utility FirstEnergy's annual revenues are greater ""than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations."""
States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned.
"Says when she ""helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No."""
When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted 'no'.
"General Electric ""hasn't really created any jobs in this country, doesn't pay any taxes, and they're making historic profits."""
When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats' prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
"In Massachusetts, Scott Brown's Republican affiliation is ""not a secret, but clearly not on display."""
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
Twenty percent of housing in Portlands Pearl District is affordable.
"Sharron Angle ""would eliminate the Department of Education."""
Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans.
"Congress used earmarks ""for more than 200 years."""
"The Koch brothers are ""the richest people in the world. Individually, they're only fifth. Put them together they're the richest in the world."""
In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldn't support repealing 'don't ask, don't tell' because of the economy.
Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security.
"Sharron Angle supported ""a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."""
"With recent growth ""it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine."""
Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies weve implemented.
"The financial services regulatory bill ""will end taxpayer bailouts."""
"The sequester has ""already lost 1.6 million jobs."""
In the last two years, we have reduced the deficit by $2.5 trillion.
"Nevada will be ""energy independent within the immediate future."""
"On Sandra Day O'Connor: ""I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience"" before she joined the Supreme Court."
We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is.
"Planned Parenthood is ""the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, that's their health care."""
Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.
"There was a ""loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years."""
Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever.
"Under Maggie Hassan's leadership, ""we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it."""
There are 60,000 fewer jobs today in this state than we had in 2008.
Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
"Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees ""exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5."""
Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
Since 9/11, right-wing extremists (incl anti-abortion, anti-gov) have killed more Americans than Islamic extremists.
White men account for 69 percent of those arrested for violent crimes.
It isn't me cutting the budget. It's the Congress'decision on sequestration. So it isn't secretary of defense or the president doing this.
Providence graduation rates are up.
"Providence teachers ""can go five or six years without an evaluation."""
If you look at what weve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down.
In Connecticut and New York, students at Achievement First schools consistently outperform city and statewide averages.
"Says Gina Raimondo's ""venture capital firm secured a secret no-bid contract funded by taxpayers."""
"I turned ""a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city."""
"The Providence teacher contract ""is one of the longest in the country."""
"Says Marco Rubio ""voted to deport"" young people known as Dreamers."
"The Rev. Rick Warren ""has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."""
If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today.
When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
"The U.S. has ""47 million people on food stamps. Thats 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over."""
"Says Thomas Jefferson said, ""You might be able to fool the people for awhile, and they may go astray, but sooner or later the American people are going to wake up and they will correct the course."""
Current projections indicate that Medicare will go bankrupt by 2017, while Social Security will bottom out by 2037.
Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security.
"Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will ""retire with a whole lot more money"" than under Social Security."
"The United States is ""the only developed country in the world that has not cut its corporate tax rate."""
Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
"Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his ""9-9-9"" plan than under the current tax system."
Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax.
Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
"Says his 9-9-9 tax reform plan is not ""regressive."""
"The 9-9-9 plan ""does not raise taxes on those that are making the least."""
"The Department of Energys ""Billion Ton Study"" has shown that wind and solar energy combined ""could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs."""
An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust.
If we had been on 'Obamacare' and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment.
This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression.
"Says that he did ""not exactly"" say that communities have the right to ban mosques."
"In the U.S. Constitution, ""theres a little section in there that talks about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."""
"Says ""in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. That's why people have to wait."""
China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.
"China is ""trying to develop nuclear capability."""
I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet.
"Said Planned Parenthoods early objective was to ""help kill black babies before they came into the world."""
Nearly 25 percent of all automobile accidents are caused by texting while driving.
Says it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors.
For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
"An Army report stated Allen West ""performed illegal acts, merited court martial, faced 11 years in prison.'"""
"Barack Obama ""openly supported (opposition leader) Raila Odinga during his visit to Africa in 2006."""
"Barack Obama has ""pledged to reduce the size of the military."""
"Barack Obama ""rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents."""
"Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin ""voted twice to end Medicare."""
"Says President Obama ""has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined."""
Says Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburgs record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
Says she is a registered nurse.
"Milwaukee has seen ""an uptick in violence"" since 2010, and ""the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in."""
"Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele ""eliminated"" sheriffs office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits."
"Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the ""worst"" reading scores and ""lead"" in infant mortality."
"The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was ""back on the street"" because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only ""served two years."""
I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
I've either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus.
"Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 ""I pay in property taxes per year."""
When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number.
"Says hes ""never asked for more"" than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff"
"A ""working woman"" will earn $7.70 on $10."
The new Atlanta Braves stadium will require no tax increase for homeowners and provide $3 million annually for Cobb County schools.
The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages.
"A DeKalb sewer project ""will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents."""
The Greenest County in America.
Says state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years.
Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative, in part, because of illegal immigrants.
The median net worth of American households hasn't changed much over the past decades, it's about $20,000 ... but Congress' average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.
"Says Barack Obamas approval rating ""is right in the average"" for second-term presidents at this point."
Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state.
"Last year, ""we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years."""
After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
"Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased ""72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year."""
Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
"Obama ""said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."""
Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense.
President Obama's proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
"Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to ""skyrocket."""
Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line.
You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief.
That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay.
"Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ""said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' """
As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies.
"When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent ""a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."""
Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves.
"The proposed excise tax on ""Cadillac"" health plans will hit ""those making less than $200,000"" the hardest."
The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding.
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago.
"Sarah Palin was repeating ""Abraham Lincoln's words"" in discussing the war in Iraq."
"Says she made an ""accurate prediction"" that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine."
One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects.
"A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest ""those already struggling to make ends meet."""
As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes.
I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history.
I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere.
"Barack Obama supports plans to raise ""income taxes ... payroll taxes."""
"Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only ""2,000 out of 20-million acres."""
Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, 'Hey, you're not going to succeed.' 
"We are looking at ""150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after"" because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration."
"Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is ""less than $1 billion in real cuts."""
"Grocery prices ""have risen significantly over the past year or so."""
"The U.S. ""only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."""
"Under the House health care bill, the government ""will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."""
You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race.
"Barack Obama's health care plan is ""to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."""
Through competition as governor, I got agreements to build a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline.
"Under Rosemary Lehmberg, the ""Travis County D.A.s office"" convened the grand jury that indicted Rick Perry."
As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal government's Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not.
"Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed ""this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner."""
"TheAffordable Care Actalters the ""sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today."""
"Slim Jims ""just recently"" cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69."
Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. It's more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined.
Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: they're OBAMA TAX HIKES & they'll slam every American's savings, investments & job opportunity
Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!
"Vice President Joe Biden's meeting ""with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."""
Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' 
Ronald Reagan faced an even worse recession than the current one.
"The McCain campaign ""did not elaborate"" on Obama's ties to ACORN."
"Says she couldn't take  stimulus money because it required ""universal building codes."""
"A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not ""entirely voluntary."""
"Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required ""universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."""
We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever.
If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed.
I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
We're going to be looking at $8 billion a day that we're going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that we're going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history.
"Seniors and the disabled ""will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care."""
"Obama would ""experiment with socialism."""
The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws, candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsins state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.
"Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser ""has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court."""
"PolitiFact Wisconsin ""concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True."""
"Benzene has ""never been proven to be harmful."""
"A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin ""has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state."""
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
As governor, [Mitt Romney] balanced the budget without raising taxes and created jobs.
"Only 20 colleges and universities ""have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses."""
Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state universitys head football or basketball coach.
Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States.
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
"The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and ""work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000."""
"Graduation rates of players at major football colleges ""are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years."""
"The growth in health care costs ""has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act."""
And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginias coast? $40 million over 10 years.
Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
"House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are ""part of Koch Industries."""
Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies among 15- to 19-year-olds.
Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants.
The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
"Says unemployment in Trenton is ""twice as much as what we see in every other area of the state"" and, as a result, ""we have seen an increase in crime."""
CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years.
[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines.
"In Virginia ""there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads."""
Every time we've cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, it's been damaged.
Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida.
Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud.
We currently have one guy who is in charge of painting the entire Milwaukee County parks system.
"Says Leah ""Vukmir supports allowing people to carry concealed weapons into day care centers, churches, health care clinics and playgrounds."""
"Says he ""stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending."""
"When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, ""cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient"" and sometimes ""spend an entire shift out there doing that."""
"Says he ""led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa."""
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
Last year it was discovered that Rhode Island's public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd.
The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
Martin Luther King was a Republican.
"A school uniform policy helps with ""school safety, helps with truancy."""
We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
Connecticut's take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the state's take on table games: zero.
The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of 'House of Cards'on Netflix.
"Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: ""Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?"""
"Ohio today has the ""fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration."""
The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.
"The ""president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends"" for Obamacare."
Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority.
"The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the ""elimination of the secret ballot."""
Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
"There are ""approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island."""
Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest.
The music industry is the biggest export from Africa after oil and gas.
"A 2005 gay pride vote ""had nothing to do with discrimination."""
Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
"Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words ""endowed by their Creator"" when referring to the Declaration of Independence."
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers.
Barack Hussein Obama will  force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies.
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks.
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes.
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans.
The Texas Department of Transportation... misplaced a billion dollars.
Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager...
The governors not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, weve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas.
"Says a prank phone call caused ""400 children to be taken from their parents... without warrant."""
For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, 'Debra Medina' was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3.
Fourteen million Americans' mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
The Fed created $1.2 trillion out of nothing, gave it to banks, and some of them foreign banks, so that they could stabilize their operations.
Seventy of Ohio's 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
"The Bush tax cuts ""helped to create a substantial part of the deficit."""
"Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans ""appeared on the GAO's list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse."""
One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
The War in Afghanistan is officially the longest war Americans have ever been asked to endure.
Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue.
Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever.
Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.
"Says the tax code is effectively subsidizing ""the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years."""
About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
Social Security didnt cause the debt crisis. Social Security had nothing to do with the debt crisis.
Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didn't go for health care.
The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war.
What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, we've given the government enormous powers. We've given the government the right to reach deeply into people's private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.
Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.
Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food.
When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs.
Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
"Says that in 2009 ExxonMobil ""paid no federal income taxes, received a $156 million rebate."""
We are giving almost $2 billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year to make the (childhood obesity) epidemic worse.
More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency.
"It is estimated that Arizona ""has lost more than $100 million in hospitality industry revenues since passage of the Arizona immigration laws."""
"Says Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., ""voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us."""
While the countrys economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010.
From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
"A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will ""overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy."""
"North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let insurance companies ""deny coverage for pre-existing conditions."""
"Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis ""supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it."""
"Gov. Nathan Deal ""has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees."""
"Says Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with ""taxpayer-funded health care for life."""
We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
The governor having a meeting ... isn't covered by the open meetings act.
There are cities and counties in Georgia that dont have websites, and where elected officials dont have email addresses.
"Says opponents of the health care law ""prevailed on our two main arguments"" to the U.S. Supreme Court."
In Cobb County, every meeting opened with a prayer. The ACLU objected. Sued ... [Sam] Olens took on the ACLU and won!
If you're from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
Giant companies like Toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right-to-work law
A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession.
Says Rick Perry cut taxes.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms.
By fiscal year 2013, the state is expected to wipe through [HOPE scholarship] reserve funds.
The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn.
21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money.
If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation  the entire nation.
In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.
President Obama in November of last year wiped away (a program) that allows for shared fingerprinting for those who are behind bars so you know who is here legally and illegally.
"Federal law for Obamacare navigators ""does not bar  or even require screening for  convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud."""
Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added.
Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
"A North Carolina study proves that ""probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election."""
"Hillary Clinton's international travels included ""no serious diplomacy."""
Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
"AIG has fully repaid the federal government ""plus a profit of more than $22 billion."""
You know our current president is (Muslim). You know he's not even an American.
Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.
Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
110 people a day move to Austin.
Texas families have kept more than $10 billion in their family budgets since we successfully fought to restore Texas' sales tax deduction a decade ago.
Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States.
"The poverty level in the Dallas school district ""is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark."""
"Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, ""three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island."""
"Rhode Island spends ""52 percent more per capita on human service programs than the national average."""
Nearly 70 percent of all federal spending will go towards Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid in fiscal year 2014.
If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
Medicaid expansion isnt necessarily a very popular issue on the street.
"Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got ""paid for a whole year."""
"The Central Falls School system ""spent $100,000 on a time clock."""
We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
My campaign alone has created more jobs in the state of Rhode Island than Narragansett Beer.
The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent.
200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses.
Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation.
"Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already ""helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives."""
"Since Rick Perry became governor, ""Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school."""
Says Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents.
Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
Bill O'Brien's Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
"John McCain ""voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."""
"John McCain ""began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate."""
McCain opposed the border fence.
Up until two weeks ago, John McCain was a leading proponent of amnesty. Now with me challenging him, suddenly he has changed.
The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote,the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse.
Roughly 700 Georgians die needlessly each year because they are too far from a trauma center.
This ban will only apply to Oregon commercial fishermen. Washington commercial fishermen would still be allowed to use gillnets on the Columbia River.
"Pasco County schools have graduation rates ""substantially higher than the state average"" and dropout rates ""below the state average."""
"Pasco County ""opened 22 new schools over six years to keep pace with growth in student population and implement the class size amendment."""
"As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning ""allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida."""
"Says a drug test can be performed for ""just $4 or $5."""
"Says that ""you cant destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do."""
"AIDS was transmitted to humans because ""one guy"" had sex with ""a monkey"" and then started ""having sex with men."""
Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
"Candidate Bill Byrne used campaign funds for work on his ""personal car."""
"Says Chris Christie ""vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship."""
The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
"During a town hall meeting on health care, ""ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."""
In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol.
"Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act ""and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization."""
Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.
"Last year, Obama ""administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes."""
"Mexican government officials ""hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country."""
Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
Despite the administration telling us (health care reform) was going to reduce health care costs, they now acknowledge it's going to dramatically increase health care costs.
In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border.
We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster careand lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.
We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms. Planned Parenthood, women dont need you!
About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia.
U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.s did in over a century.
"Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because ""residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing."""
Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
"At Twin River, ""we're more than competitive"" with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts."
Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
"Oregonians have an ""amazing no-cost way to fight abortion"" with free political donations"
Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
"Says Dan Sullivan approved a ""light sentence"" for a sex offenderwho got out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault."
I have given $30,000 of my unused travel expenses over the years to supplement the school system's general budget.
Wisconsin law says all recall petition signers must sign in the presence of another person.
"Says ""by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels."""
Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock.
Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama.
"Elena Kagan is ""a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through."""
Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
"Says library district would come ""at no direct cost to the city budget."""
Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry than the representatives who voted to stop it.
In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two.
Statistically, law-enforcement officers die 10 years earlier than the general population.
From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
"Says Scott Walker's views on abortion are more restrictive ""than any Republican president in recent times."""
"Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce, which is more than the number ""of people working in the fossil fuel industry."""
"Federal law adopted ""under Tommy Thompson's watch"" prohibits the government from negotiating for ""better prices"" on prescription drugs for senior citizens"
There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break.
"Says ""Tommy Thompson's tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent."""
"Middle-class Americans ""pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires."""
This generation, on average, is starting their careers, if theyve been to a four-year college, with just under $30,000 in debt.
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ""wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class."""
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to ""do away with Medicare."""
The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
"Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson ""personally made over $3 million"" from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left 9/11 first responders ""without the care they were promised."""
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson favors raising taxes on small businesses.
I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
"Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the ""deepest red districts in the state."""
"When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children had a pre-existing condition and were ""uninsurable."""
"Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program ""because it was unfunded."""
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare ""into the ground"" and ""nine years closer to bankruptcy."""
"Says 7,000 millionaires ""gamed the system to pay no income taxes."""
"Herman Cain is a ""pro-choice candidate."""
Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two.
"The ""error rates"" for the Fulton County elections department are ""well below the average."""
In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
"Uncompensated care has ""gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months"" of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it."
Says Gov. Bob McDonnell's budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
"The federal government is now on track for the second-largest budget deficit ""in 65 years."""
When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women.
"To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is ""forcing people in business to make wedding cakes"" for anyone."
"Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.''More Americans agree with Beck/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/jun/03/glenn-beck/glenn-beck-says-president-obama-out-step-nation-ar/Glenn Beck2Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates."""
"Says a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously ""caught four times and released."""
Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion.
Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening.
"Van Jones signed a petition indicating he ""thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up."""
"Says Hillary Clinton ""makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year."""
Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.
Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.
You don't know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
"Van Jones ""is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist."""
A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list.
"The Muslim Brotherhood has ""openly stated they want to declare war on Israel."""
"Labor union president Andy Stern is ""the most frequent visitor"" at the White House."
"Less than 10 percent of Obama's Cabinet appointees ""have any experience in the private sector."""
Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of Massachusetts.
"Forty-five percent of doctors ""say they'll quit"" if health care reform passes."
Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? We're the only country in the world that has it.
"Says Barack Obama ""knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance."""
Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.
This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasnt taken any money from the government. They dont want any money from the government.
The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings.
In the health care bill, we're now offering insurance for dogs.
"John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, ""has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population."""
Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time.
Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction.
"Says Rick Perry ""supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens."""
Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times.
I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.
When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare.
"Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have ""passed the age limit for treatment."""
Not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police in New York in about 45 years.
"Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek ""has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party."""
I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States.
I left the city with $43 million in the bank.
"Says Matt Wand has sided with anti-choice activists ""to restrict access to reproductive health care services."""
"Says ""Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment."""
Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008.
"Mitt Romney ""gave away his father's inheritance."""
"Says President Barack Obama promised a ""pathway to citizenship"" to undocumented immigrants and ""didn't deliver jack squat on any of it."""
"In recent polling in battleground states, a ""majority of the people"" said Hillary Clinton ""is untrustworthy."""
"Says Hillary Clinton took ""money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen."""
"Says Barack Obama has ""the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt."""
Says Hillary Clintons approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.
"According to the Congressional Budget Office, ""as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare."""
Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined.
Says President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more.
The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months.
Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
"Says President Barack Obama wants to raise ""the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent."""
"Because of voter fraud, Republican candidates ""need to do a point or two better"" to win statewide elections in Wisconsin."
Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
"The Republican National Convention ""is a Super Bowl times four."""
We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression.
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill ""is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts."""
Weve lost 26 million jobs  since (Obamas) been president.
"PolitiFact Texas says ""Congressman Edwards' attacks on Bill Flores are false."""
Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
I've created over 40,000 jobs.
A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
"Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglin's stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to ""discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees."""
The increase in the current state budget was greater than the inflation rate and the rate of population growth in Georgia.
"A proposed immigration bill will ""bankrupt Georgia"" if passed."
"Democrats already agreed to ""a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win."""
"Mark Warner voted for ""nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt."""
Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldnt have passed without Mark Warners vote.
"Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had ""52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation"" and ""revenues were at an all-time high in 2007."""
"Says Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid ""down the line."""
"When Mitt Romney was governor, ""the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500."""
"Obamacare ""cuts seniors Medicare."""
"Mark Warners ""record is one of acting against"" the Keystone XL pipeline."
"Says Mark Warner told PolitiFact National's ""Lie of the Year"" in 2013."
"The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill ""244,000 jobs a year"" and cost average families ""$1,200 a year."""
This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare.
American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year.
"Says ""Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar."""
Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
"Says ""Scott Walkers bad budget includes: No weekend for workers."""
The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
"Sotomayor thinks ""that ones sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."""
Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor.
The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
"U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to ""stay in their place."""
"The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision ""forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year."""
Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
"Says she ""brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care."""
Says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir.
"Says ""Many people Ive talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water."""
Limberbutt McCubbins (a five-year-old cat) is a candidate in the 2016 presidential election.
"Hartsfield-Jacksons new international terminal is opening ""within budget."""
Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohio's jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
"Says Tom Ganley has been ""sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more,"" and ""a judge called Tom Ganley's business practices ""deceptive and unconscionable."""
"Says JimRenacci has ""consistently voted"" for loopholes that ""encourage outsourcing of our jobs."""
Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
"Jim Renacci ""voted repeatedly to end Medicare."""
Ganley said that if elected, he wants to cut the dickens out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans benefits.
Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasich's budget plan than in the previous state budget.
"Says 21 million people ""still suffer slavery today."""
"In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, ""the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001."""
"The last three days of early voting ""happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting."""
You can buy lobster with food stamps.
In 2011, Alabama and Massachusetts passed legislation allowing non-citizens who are legal residents to vote in state and local elections.
"Says ""The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one."""
In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
"The United States is ""behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead."""
"Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, ""there were still folks who didn't have phone service. Soon I'd helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone."""
Steve Southerland did not pay his taxes in '05, '06, '07, '08 or '09.
Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts.
"A proposed mine in Wisconsin is ""about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago."""
"White House spokesman Robert Gibbs ""lied"" when he said President Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet."
A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service.
Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
The Georgia Lottery Corp. has only once in the past 16 years paid out the agreed upon 35 percent of proceeds to the account which funds the HOPE scholarship.
In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
John McCain says it's okay with him if the U.S. spends the next thousand years in Iraq.
"The American Power Act ""would cut our dependence on oil in half."""
Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes.
"Says ""Essex County residents suffer the second highest property taxes in the nation."""
Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state.
Today, Florida is in 50th place in spending on education.
"In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns ""49 percent fewer women are shot and killed."""
"Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that ""do not exist."""
Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds.
Texas had the worst voter participation in the country in the November 2014 elections.
"Wendy Davis is ""the most popular politician in Texas."""
Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
"Says ""today unemployment has been running near 12 percent or more for the last four years"" and the Legislature hasnt done much to lower it."
The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
"Says Donald Trump has ""changed his mind"" on abortion."
We're destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history.
There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S.
Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women.
"Sen. Barbara Boxer ""passed only three bills in 18 years"" into law."
Barbara Boxer's worried about the weather instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.
Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties.
"Rep. Peter Petrarca ""voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops  and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest."""
The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that.
"Cheney is ""disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo."""
Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too.
Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
"Ronald Reagan ""raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987."""
America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
In 1960, we spent more than 3 percent of our GDP on infrastructure projects like the Interstate Highway. Today we spend less than 1 percent of our GDP on these vital investments.
"Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare plan ""lines the pockets of the private insurance companies,"" increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit."
There hasn't really been a lot of net growth in the federal workforce when you compare it to say, 1990.
"Says Obama has ""doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office"""
Gas prices have gone up $2 since Obama took office.
"A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines jet fuel tax breaks ""violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration."""
Georgia has one of the nations highest jet fuel taxes.
Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database.
"Says ""Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force."""
"Says ""only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally."""
Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
"Says ""TriMet's own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agency's costs."""
"Says ""for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure."""
"Says ""last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent."""
"Says ""traffic fatalities have fallen dramatically, even as population has risen. You are more likely to stay alive biking, walking and driving around Portland than you were before"" he took over the Portland Bureau of Transportation."
"Says ""of the 2,000 Portland households in the year-long (composting) pilot, 87 percent of participants reported being satisfied with the overall system."""
Says city of Portland has a one-time $22 million surplus
"Says ""$30 million gap"" in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave."
"Says the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented ""only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use."""
Says there's $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.
"Says ""There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States."""
"Says, ""In the last four years weve cut $36 million in ongoing revenue."""
The citys 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
"McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, ""who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"""
John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
McCain opposes a woman's right to choose.
The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children.
"McCain ""voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."""
The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' 
He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero  yes, zero  from the League of Conservation Voters last year.
"Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson ""voted to cut $700m from Medicare."""
"John McCain, ""one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires,"" says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a ""second job"" and ""skip their vacations."""
"Gov. Rick Scott ""tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls."""
Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
"The newly proposed House Republican budget ""abolishes Medicare within 10 years."""
(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000.
"The United States has a supply of ""more than 100 years of natural gas."""
"If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will ""kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs."""
Robert Hurt supported a bill that helped the uranium industry after taking contributions from the industry and because his father had a stake in it.
"John McCain has ""a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."""
The seed of Muslim is passed through the father.
"In most Muslim countries, ""We can't have a church. We're not able to build synagogues. It's forbidden."""
"Central Health ""is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions."""
The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
"The federal debt is more than $14 trillion, ""almost equal to the size of our entire economy,"" and ""every child born today inherits a $45,000 share of the national debt before they take their first breath."""
Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue.
"Obama has ""racked up more debt than any president in history  over $5 trillion."""
Since President Obama took office, our federal spending has increased by nearly 30 percent and our national debt has increased by almost 50 percent.
"Says signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost ""20 or 40 million"" dollars."
"Obamacare includes ""a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions."""
"Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats ""gutted"" Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare."
"Betty Sutton ""gutted Medicare by $500 billion"" with her vote for the president's health care bill."
"Says there are ""a half a trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare that are going to go in place"" as a result of health care reform."
Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office
My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government.
There is no record of congresswoman Betty Sutton ... ever holding a single in-person town hall meeting open to the general public.
For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . .
"Since Rep. John Boccieris election, ""Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs"" and his districts ""unemployment has doubled."""
Half of all hospitalized seniors are suffering from malnutrition so severe that it either caused their illness or it prevents them from getting better.
The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world combined.
"Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly ""actually received 200,000 more votes statewide"" than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election"
"State Sen. Alberta Darling ""voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending"" while cutting programs such as education and health care"
"Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to ""end health care for our seniors."""
Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action.
Says Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans.
In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent.
Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years.
"Three presidents in the last century  Harding, Kennedy and Reagan  all cut taxes during recessions and produced ""rapid and dramatic economic recoveries,"" while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did ""the opposite."""
"Says Sen. Kay Hagan ""has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committee's hearings in 2014."""
"In North Carolina, ""now we're near the national average"" for unemployment."
"By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan ""voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs."""
"Says a pro-Democratic ad is ""false"" for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to ""resign."""
"The lieutenant governor has the power to be an ""economic ambassador"" and ""negotiate"" on economic development"
We Really Do Have the Highest Corporate Tax Rate in the World.
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined.
Says Tennessee has some of the lowest beer excise tax rates in the country.
Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
Under Gov. Kitzhaber, unemployment rose 65 percent, state spending went up 57 percent and personal incomes declined compared to the rest of the country.
Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
"In the U.S., ""African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites"" on marijuana charges."
Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
"The deficit this year could pay ""all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years."""
"Under President George W. Bush, ""we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama  weve added $6.5 trillion to the debt."""
"Mental health provisions related to mass shootings ""got over 90 votes in the Senate."""
Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
When total Sandy spending is added up, it's more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And it's more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department.
Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, we've added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years he's been in office.
"The federal deficit would pay for 40 gallons of ""New Hampshire maple syrup"" for everyone in the United States."
"President Barack Obamas Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal ""couldn't get support from either party in the House or the Senate."""
Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and profits on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
The president's first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country.
Shelby County donated  Im sorry, gave  44 schools to the city of Memphis.
We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.
Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they dont meet suggested federal standards.
"I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and ""led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back."""
When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike.
Most of West Virginia is still owned, in excess of 90 percent, by out-of-state interests.
Says the NAACP's Ohio chapter has endorsed Issue 2.
In my 12 years in the House, I have watched my district go from a solidly Democratic district to a heavily solid Republican district.
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II.
You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
"Savannah is home to ""the fastest-growing port in the nation."""
Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children.
"Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are ""performing just as well"" as students who do not."
As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
"Job growth in the United States is now at the ""fastest pace in this country's history."""
Says most Texas schools spend 45 out of 180 school days in mandated testing.
"He ""stood up to Barack Obama by passing legislation that prevents you from being forced to join government health plans or buy health insurance against your will."""
Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in,"" compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency."
"One Wisconsin school district ""is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time."""
"The Texas Senate ""approved a bill to put a special label on the insurance cards of anyone who bought a plan through Obamacare"" that includes the letter ""S"" for subsidy."
"The ""priorities"" of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers."
"Under Obama, the national debt ""has been reduced every year for the last five years."""
Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks don't work.
I ended up my time as governor with a general fund budget that was smaller than the one I started with.
"Says when he was governor,""we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent."""
The national debt increased $16,000 every secondGeorge Allen served in theU.S. Senate.
"Virginia was named ""best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child"" while I was governor."
Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
"Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is ""closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond."""
"Bill Clinton presided over ""the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II."""
As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.
"George Allen ""voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students."""
Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
"Virginia women earn""only 79 cents to each dollar earned by men..."""
Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
"Under former President George W. Bushs administration ""while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent."""
"Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts ""would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades."""
"George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate ""turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States."""
"Virginia ranked near the bottom of the nation 50 years ago in per capita income but is in the top 10 today. It had a ""very low"" rate of higher education attainment but is now above the national average."
Obamas mid-term approval ratings are similar to other presidents who went on to re-election.
Republicans tried to block the deficit commission.
"The primary election results show Democrats are strong in Kentucky  because the Democratic candidates ""both got more votes than Rand Paul  did."""
Its estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
The tax burden on Virginia families was lower under Tim Kaine than under George Allen.
"When Obama took office ""the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years."""
"George Allencast ""the deciding vote""for the 2003Bushtax cuts."
"George Allen's flat tax ""plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe Perry (flat tax) plan."""
Says that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats.
"Says ""10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed."""
When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
"Says under federal law ""we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy."""
"Says the United States ""actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949."""
Says Obama administration delay of health care law's employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin.
"Says Paul Ryans budget would turn Medicare into a ""voucher."""
"Says under President Barack Obama, the United States has created ""five million jobs."""
"Says as a result of the national health care reform, ""the Congressional Budget Office says we save $250 million over the first 10 years. Over the next 10 years, we save $1.2 trillion in savings in terms of health care."""
"Says the U.S. Senate has passed ""a budget"" over the last three years ""called the Budget Control Act."""
"Says Joe Kyrillos ""voted to raid the state's pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money."""
New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
"A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is ""a requirement that's reduced gun crimes in the five states where it's the law."""
"The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax ""is permanent, we never get to vote on this again."""
Light rail does not reduce congestion.
Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
"The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a ""300% tax increase."""
There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation.
While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long.
"In the Senate version of the health reform bill, ""Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."""
"Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn ""supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers."""
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.
If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
"Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported ""would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates."""
Youre paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allens) health care, and she took yours away.
Pepper ... kicked off a jock tax, imposing a levy on the sports and entertainment industry.
The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
When Peppers tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets.
I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
Dan Gelber: On the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend Jewish private schools.
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
"This year, Newt Gingrich ""has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined."""
"Says Christopher Little has ""a history of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters"""
"Langevin votes the party  line about 98 percent of the time."""
"Sen. Jack Reed ""cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act."""
"Says James Langevin voted to spend ""$3 billion for a jet engine no one wants."""
"Public employees receive ""something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island."""
Langevin has been the  most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi.
"Says that in 2009, Jon Huntsman ""said that the Recovery Act wasn't large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now he's saying that he never supported it."""
"Says Cory Booker ""supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations."""
Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Booker's Newark graduate.
The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
"The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved ""only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats"" in 2011."
"Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have ""required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs."""
Every year since Gov. Walker and the Republicans have been in control of the Legislature weve created fewer jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers ""actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs."""
Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). Weve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
Says Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.
"Portland Bureau of Transportation ""barely break(s) even"" ticketing motorists."
Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole.
Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times.
"Says Robert Hurt ""supports the tax loopholes that send American jobs overseas."""
"The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill ""denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country."""
"The Capitol Police force is ""going so far as to use paramilitary equipment"" in dealing with singing protesters in Madison"
"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. ""cannot account for creating one single job."""
"A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill ""will take at least seven years to create jobs."""
"Republicans offered Wisconsin bar patrons ""free shots (of alcohol) to sign recall petitions against"" Democrats."
"Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a ""Wisconsin filibuster"" provided by the states constitution."
Over the next two years, this $1.8 billion deficit will cost individual Wisconsinites $300 each, or $1,200 for families of four.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""hasn't done a public event this entire year."""
More than one-quarter of Americas young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence.
As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
"While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people ""from welfare to jobs."""
"While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed ""tax cuts for hard-working families."""
"Says President Obama ""helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill."""
The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes.
Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
Female buffalo lead the herd.
By a two-to-one margin, Rhode Islanders want to ban assault weapons and we have a very small percentage of gun owners in this state, less than 13 percent.
Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldn't figure out who has a gun.
"Right now, if Rhode Island police come across a young person with a gun, ""they really don't legally have the right to take it away from them."""
"Says Adam Hasner ""gives the wealthy tax breaks worth $250,000 a year but hikes middle class taxes $2,000."""
Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
"Recently Rick Scott ""closed 30 womens health care centers across the state."""
Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
Across the country, more than half of the U.S.  attorney seats remain without a prosecutor chosen by Obama.
A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
"Says state lawmakers have voted to ""spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times"" since the funds creation."
Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening  pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out  of committee.
When students leave our high schools and they go to the community college, 70-75 percent of them have to pay to take remedial math.
"The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is ""literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself."""
Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently dont accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
Says he couldn't keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
"Scott Maddox is a ""lobbyist."""
All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You don't save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
We've got to find 2 billion gallons (of water per day) between now and 2025.
"Says the giant African land snail ""carries human meningitis."""
"Scott Maddox has run ""losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."""
"An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to ""offer them cell phones."""
"When it comes to aid, ""the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."""
We're already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail.
We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad.
"The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is ""going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year."""
Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
"Says the Texas Board of Nursing has a backlog of ""3,000 complaints against nurses, many of them sexual assaults, malfeasance."""
Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
"Says nobody in higher education believes Gov. Rick Perrys proposal to ""serve up $10,000 college degrees"" is possible."
Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are A's, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960.
Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations.
"Says that while President Barack Obama promised to ""work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year,"" his health care law ""raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family."""
Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan.
"Mitt Romney has ""a pro-choice record."""
"After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law ""their mortality rate went down...it saved lives."""
By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
"When he worked for AT&T, he ""was responsible for large parts in a $5 billion organization."""
"Says Donald Trump has ""given more money to Democratic candidates than Republican candidates."""
Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
'Wrong precinct' rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election.
"We are about halfway to the presidents goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and ""about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector."""
"Says Chris Christie ""has refused to fund pensions by billions of dollars,"" and got legislative approval to begin ""properly funding pensions"" in 2018."
"Air travelers ""cant get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check"" on them."
"The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.''Oh well, at least it's a start. /truth-o-meter/statements/2010/aug/20/tamara-holder/crowd-gop-big-tent-doesnt-include-many-muslims/Charlie Smith2The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills.A little too loose with the change/georgia/statements/2013/may/31/charlie-smith/too-much-value-placed-one-report-about-1-coins/Liz Cheney1The IAEA, or the International Atomic Energy Agency, last month said the Iranians are not currently living up to their obligations."""
The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping.
"The Obama administration ""was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days  after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."""
"Says Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants ""not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors"" with no oversight."
"If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the ""fourth-highest in the nation."""
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.
Before Medicare, only 51 percent of Americans 65 and older had health care coverage and nearly 30 percent lived below the poverty line. Today, thanks to Medicare ... nearly all seniors have coverage and 75 percent fewer struggle in poverty.
"Obamacare is a ""massive, massive income redistribution"" with ""$250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure that's basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases."""
"If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, ""the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time."""
"Says Mark Pryor ""votes with Obama 93 percent of the time."""
"Says he ""voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA."""
"Says Mark Pryor""cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare."""
"Says that ""Susan Rice, the president's national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability."""
"Says Mark Pryor ""continues to insist"" that Obamacare is ""an amazing success."""
"In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero ""in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush."""
"President Barack Obama ""said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Irans nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions."""
"Under my platform, ""I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement."""
"Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for ""special subsidies"" for lawmakers and staff in Congress ""so theyre protected from Obamacare."""
"The health care marketplaces have ""no privacy protections."""
"Says""President Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill."""
Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
Says an illegal immigrant fraudulently claimed children who actually lived in Mexico on income tax forms to collect more than $29,000.
In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness and some of them are duplicative.
David Perdue said hed raise taxes.
President Obama has left the U.S. with the lowest number of active-duty troops since before World War II, putting the nation at risk.
There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president.
"Under President Barack Obamas watch, ""oil production on federal lands has decreased 14 percent over the past year."""
Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off.
U.S. Senate candidate David Perdues company took $3 million from the federal stimulus program that President Barack Obama created.
"The nation's food supply is ""99.99 percent safe."""
"David Perdue ""has never voted in a Republican primary until his name was on the ballot."""
"Says Florida refused to allow theinsurance commissioner to ""negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high"" under Obamacare."
"Sarah Eckhardt ""refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly."""
"Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been ""shattered by the latest and best social science and research."""
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
"Saudi Arabia is ""the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries"" where women cannot get licenses to drive."
"Says his office ""has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed."""
The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009  pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration.
The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
America's wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
"President Barack Obama's veto of the Keystone XL pipeline killed ""42,000 jobs."""
When it comes to transportation funds, Georgians spend more in taxes and on red tape than they get back from the federal government.
More Americans believe the moon landing was fake than believe Obamacare is affordable.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law."""
"The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a ""Star Trek"" training video."
I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ...
Warren Buffett says stop Obamacare now and start over.
"Says Ohio Rep. Marcy Kaptur ""actually lives"" in ""a fancy condo in the Washington, D.C. suburbs."""
"Said they reached a ""power-sharing agreement"" with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle"
"Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""supported raising flood insurance rates."""
"Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""supported ending the Medicare guarantee."""
[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
"A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to ""fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste."""
"The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin ""could be extended as long as 21 miles."""
We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.
Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.
"Says Debo Adegbile ""was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals"" and ""was abruptly withdrawn by the administration."""
In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
"Says the fluoride Austin is putting in its drinking water is ""toxic waste."""
Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
There's a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. There's a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And there's federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
"Tyler Perrys plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected ""to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta."""
"Red light camera installed to ""promote public safety."""
The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
"The new 21st State Senate district was ""created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house."""
Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas.
Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?
"One half of federal spending goes to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid while the other half goes to other programs funded with money ""borrowed from a foreign land."""
Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive
"Lincoln Chafee ""voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time."""
Texas Governor Rick Perrys voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""is denying Democrats the right to vote."""
"I ""kicked crooked cops and government officials off the public pension rolls."""
"Virginia is ""the only state"" that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor."
"Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings ""have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else."""
[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
"Virginia is ""the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases."""
Ive never supported legislation that invades peoples choices about contraception.
Says Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts.
"The health care bill has ""six years of costs against 10 years of tax revenue."""
"Mark Warner cast ""the tiebreaking vote"" to pass Obamacare."
"Terry McAuliffe ""wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises."""
"Since Obamacare became law, ""most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs."""
"Terry McAuliffe has ""threatened to shut down Virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported."""
Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
Theres only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe.
"Says Terry McAuliffe is ""the person who invented the scheme to rent out the Lincoln Bedroom."""
Every (personhood) bill Ive ever support has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect.
Im the only candidate for governor whos rolled out any policies so far.
"Says Terry McAuliffe ""opposes"" Virginias right-to-work law."
We have never gone a year in Virginia -- ever -- without passing a budget -- ever.
Says the D.C.citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping.
"Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, ""the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya."""
The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent.
"Two-thirds of the federal budget is ""permanent law ... it's permanently appropriated."""
"On average, college students ""are taking six years to get a four-year degree."""
Nobody in total is proposing cutting anything. Were trying to reduce the rate of growth in government.
Deficit spending exploded during the Obama administration to $5.3 trillion over four years, compared to $2 trillion in eight years under President George W. Bush.
There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
"Even though Chicago has ""the most stringent gun laws on the books,"" it still ""has the highest murder rate"" in the country."
"Under President Obamas health-care reforms, the premium for ""an average plan for a family didn't go down by $2,500 per year, it's gone up about $2,500 per year."""
Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality.
"Says President Barack Obama ""did not come into office with the economy in a free fall."""
President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since hes taken office -- while weve lost 2 million jobs.
Both the state and federal governments make more per gallon in gas taxes than the oil companies make themselves for doing all the work.
"Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold ""was the deciding vote on Obamacare."""
The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process.
"Kids coming from an affluent background are ""taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants"" while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab."
"A recent study of a proposed cap-and-trade policys effect on Wisconsin consumers showed it could ""raise gasoline prices by 141 percent and electricity rates by 171 percent"" by 2030."
Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, its still 22 percent higher.
Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
"Says ""Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion."""
"Washington politicians ""run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme."""
"Russ Feingold ""voted against the law that protected our lakes"" and ""was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no."""
For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
Says Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants
A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
"Russ Feingold ""has not worked anywhere outside of politics."""
"The average rate of fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs ""is 20 to 25 percent."""
House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
Crime rises in communities with casinos.
Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs.
"The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State ""would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chief's ability to be commander-in-chief."""
"SaysRand Paul""has put out budgets to cut the military in half."""
"During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, ""military recruiting actually went up."""
"Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, ""homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent."""
52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
The president of the United States ... agrees with me that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
"Sen. Joe Lieberman's ""home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor."""
President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
"The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was ""his outreach to Muslims."""
"A new Republican litmus test ""would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan."""
"For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, ""13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called 'Max Tax.'"""
Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year.
Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq.
There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.
"A proposed regional transportation tax will last ""a minimum"" of 10 years, and has been approved to last longer."
"Says HJM 20 ""was the only bill not assigned to a House committee."""
Says abortions are decreasing.
"Says legislative cuts mean Texas is ""spending on average $500 less per student."""
"Texas has ""the nation's highest rate and highest number of uninsured."""
"Were talking right now about a $12 billion hole in our current, so-called balanced state ""budget."""
Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
"Says Paul Workman ""voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote."""
Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.
Since Oregons prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
"Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, ""one-quarter are Floridians."""
"The cap-and-trade bill will mean ""2 million jobs lost."""
Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
I'm well aware that medical marijuana is a recognized, medical, viable treatment for this sort of [pancreas] pain condition.
The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate.
In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
Says Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993.
Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
"The federal government only ordered BP to pay ""to do one of those six segments"" of sand barriers for Louisiana."
"Louisiana is turning down $100 million ""that would require  us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on  Louisiana businesses."""
I'm the only (Republican)candidate that has actually reduced the size of government.
"Says Scott Walker's plan to replace Obamacare ""is a new entitlement"" program for ""every single American human being from the time they are born right up until they grow old and become eligible for Medicare."""
"The stimulus bill includes ""$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."""
I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before.
If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
"Cuyahoga County ""passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so."""
Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while they're paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
Says he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama
Ohioans want an end to pay-to-play politics.
"Says Scott Brown ""co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control."""
Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
In Massachusetts, Scott Brown pushed for a law to force women considering abortion -- force them -- to look at color photographs of developing fetuses.
"In 2012, ""Wall Street"" gave Scott Brown ""more campaign contributions than any other candidate -- $5.3 million."""
"Says Scott Brown ""voted to reward"" companies ""to ship jobs overseas."""
Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260.
Says when Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation
For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60.
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislationto let employers deny women coverage formammograms.
Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
We spend in tax loopholes annually $1.1 trillion. That's more than we spend on our defense budget in a year, on Medicare or Medicaid in a year.
The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported aren't criminals.
Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.
Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.
"Say ""this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget."""
Virginia papers called (Scott) Rigells campaign Mostly False.
I cut spending while serving in the state Legislature
Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
Says the Annie's List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
The National Technical Information Service spends millions of taxpayer dollars to print and sell government documents that are available free in online searches.
The Castro regime violated international norms by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston ""requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined."""
"Dollar General ""added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs"" during his four-year tenure as CEO."
"The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment ""level the playing field"" for American companies to compete globally."
"The United States is ""about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever."""
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn was ""handpicked"" by President Barack Obama"
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston voted for the ""Cash for Clunkers"" program."
Four million women have fallen into poverty in the last six years.
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
"Says Michelle Nunn is ""for amnesty."""
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston ""spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks."""
"SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to ""raise his pay seven times."""
Michelle Nunns own plan says she funded organizations linked to terrorists.
"Says Gov. Chris Christies ""poll ratings have been going up."""
"In the past three years, state legislatures have ""enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined."""
In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct.
Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
"Says ""51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax."""
The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
Suzanne Bonamici supports a plan that will cut choice for Medicare Advantage seniors.
Suzanne Bonamici votes with her party a partisan 98 percent of the time.
"Says David Wu has presided over ""137 months"" in which ""Oregon's unemployment rate has been above the national average."""
Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget.
"Says Suzanne Bonamici ""supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year."""
Shes voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses.
"The Libertarian Party ""is the third-largest political party in the U.S."""
"Says ""nearly 29,000 Oregonians  almost 5 percent of all homeowners  are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage."""
Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by John Duncan Jr.
If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
"The words ""subhuman mongrel,"" which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to ""justify the genocide of the Jewish community."""
Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly.
"Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnells ""political agenda."""
"Abortion coverage is a standard insurance benefit ""in nearly 90 percent of private plans sold in the U.S."""
Our school test scores are right at the bottom.
For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora.
"Says Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States ""with an elevated temperature."""
We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that don't exist for procedures that didn't happen.
"Royalties foroil and other energy sources are the ""second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."""
What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
"Says direct shipment of wine ""makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click."""
"Says Gov. Chris Christie's decision to close the Elizabeth MVC ""saved no money."""
"Georgia has the most  restrictive ballot access laws in the country.It's not easy being purple for Norwood/georgia/statements/2010/jul/02/mary-n/norwood-says-georgia-has-most-restrictive-ballot-a/Sonji Jacobs0Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect"" on the contracts or the citys diversity goals."
"Says ""a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year."""
"If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, ""75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon."""
"Fleeing Syria, ""a million children are now refugees."""
"Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included ""$277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin."""
"After J.D. Hayworth ""was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist"" who was ""paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."""
Obama has more czars than the Romanovs.
"The omnibus spending bill has ""9,427 pork barrel items."""
Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue.
Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me.
Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks.
I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue of global warming.
The average South Korean is3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag.
My grandfather came home from ... (World War II) exhausted from the burdens he had borne, and died the next day.
Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country.
"Sarah Palin ""has had 12 years of elected office experience."""
"The musical Mamma Mia! has ""been selling out for years."""
Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
"U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a ""few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."""
Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent.
I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate.  Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group.  He chose not to.
John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago.
The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident.
"When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and ""he said so himself after his capture."""
Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years.
Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once.
Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions.
One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests.
"Mitt Romney previously believed ""that abortion should be safe and legal in this country."" Now he is ""prolife."""
Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
The fact is it's not amnesty.
 ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding.
He was a member of the Iraq Study Group and was either fired or quit from a very important commission that was trying to figure out the way forward in Iraq.
I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail.
Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum.
We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country.
One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth.
"Says President Obama ""has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq)."""
(Obama's) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
"Says he holds the record for ""most appearances on 'Meet the Press'."""
"The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ""are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people."""
"As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as ""$220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm"" and ""$5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail."""
"As a senator, Barack Obama supported ""an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."""
"A new presidential helicopter ""is now going to cost as much as Air Force One."""
"Barack Obama said ""people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan"" then said ""if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."""
Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
"A mortgage buyback plan is ""my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal."""
He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that hes been in the United States Senate.
You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana.
"Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ""than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."""
Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that hes been in Congress.
"John McCain ""took on the drug industry."""
We spent $3-million of your money to study the DNA of bears.
It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity.
Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan.
"Obama ""hasn't been to Iraq in years."""
I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail.
I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that.
"Obama ""wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."""
George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years.
Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war.
It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama.
My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years.
"The Rev. Wright compared ""the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."""
I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing.
In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects.
He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy.
Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience.
The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct.
In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster.
"Over half of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students ""receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America."""
The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says he'll send 524.
We are within the margin of error.
"If parents ""don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."""
"Barack Obama was ""a trial attorney for ACORN."""
He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year.
"On the economic troubles of 2008, ""really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."""
The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change.
"Obama ""voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."""
I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit.
John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms.
I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them.
Senator Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power.
First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge.
"In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling ""did not cause any real difficulties."""
We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world.
"Obama ""voted against funding our troops."""
"Obama ""voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."""
Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings.
Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban.
"We are ""borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil"" with the result being ""dependency and debt."""
Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning of the war.
We spend a staggering amount of money on health care  over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person.
"Barack Obama ""wants to nearly double the capital gains tax"" increasing taxes on ""mutual funds, 401(k)s"" for ""policemen, firemen, nurses."""
(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million.
"Hillary Clinton wants to ""wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."""
Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars.
Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family.
Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years.
A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay.
"About 30 percent of those released from Guantanamo ""have re-entered the fight."""
"Federal stimulus money went to a Georgia Tech project that will ""apparently involve the professor jamming with 'world-renowned musicians' to 'hopefully also create satisfying works of art.'"""
Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona.
"Obama ""has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."""
"House Republicans ""weren't part of the negotiations"" on the Wall Street bailout plan."
Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate.
Barack Obama has the longest track record of any candidate in this election in support of the 'Bridge To Nowhere.' 
Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' 
I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it.
Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
"Palin ""stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."""
"Obama is the Senate's ""most liberal."""
"On Obama, ""The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"""
"Obama ""promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."""
Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000.
"Barack Obama promises higher taxes on ""the sale of your home."""
"Obama ""says he'll raise taxes on electricity."""
"Barack Obama ""is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."""
He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras.
There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication.
In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate.
I've supported every investigation (into Hurricane Katrina) and ways of finding out how  what caused the tragedy. I've met with people on the ground. I've met with the governor.
We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks.
"Rev. Wright said ""that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."""
"After Reagan took office, ""we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."""
"If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it ""will lessen worldwide demand for oil"" and reduce prices."
"In the Florida Republican primary, ""we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."""
"Mitt Romney wants ""to set a date for withdrawal"" from Iraq."
"Romney left Massachusetts ""with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."""
"Sen. Clinton said ""the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"""
We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States.
"Says iPads and iPhones ""are built in the United States of America."""
Phoenix, Arizona, is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops.
The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000.
Obama raises taxes on seniors (and) hard-working families to give welfare to those who pay none.
Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his  cabinet.
"In 1992, Barack Obama directed ""Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."""
"If you're a small business and don't ""adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."""
"Barack Obama's plan calls for ""mandates and fines for small businesses."""
Senator Obama has voted 94 times to either increase your taxes or against tax cuts.
1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay.
Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal.
President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy.
I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona.
"Palin had ""executive experience"" in the PTA."
My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy.
When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer.
Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
"Obama plans ""a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."""
Who can you thank for rising prices at the pump? O-ba-ma! O-ba-ma!
I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations.
"Barack Obama has ""reversed"" on his commitment ""to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."""
If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes.
The Iranians continue  in the view of every objective observer  continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons.
We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production.
"Sen. Obama wants to ""enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."""
"Iran ""might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'"" as Obama says."
They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change).
"Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by ""$500-billion."""
"Obama ""has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."""
"The Jewish holiday Purim is ""their version of Halloween here."""
"It's ""common knowledge"" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran."
I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.
I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state.
I supported (the surge), I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did.
Another one he should veto is the SCHIP program, which he should say 'Take the C out of, because now it's for everybody, like every other entitlement program.'
We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it.
I never considered myself a maverick.
(Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together.
"Obama's one education accomplishment was ""legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners."""
Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.
"Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and ""clean, safe, nuclear energy."""
"McCain says the price of a gas tax ""holiday"" would be about the same as ""a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project."""
"Obama ""suggested bombing Pakistan."""
74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act.
The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
"Some cardiologists estimate ""70 percent of all males over 50 have some form of heart disease."""
We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have concealed handgun licenses.
"Says he ""restored prayer and the pledge in our schools."""
Says Donna Campbell is pushing a 35 percent sales tax extending to medicine, groceries and real estate.
We dont have bars on campus in Texas. Its against the law... no alcohol allowed.
"Says ""under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not."""
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
"Clackamas County Commissioners ""approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to TriMets Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million."""
"Says she was the the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."""
70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.
"Says a group ""estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion."""
Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center.
Politician Reid Ribble wants to phase out Social Security, forcing Wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves.
The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling.
For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed.
"Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""thinks it's okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison."""
Says Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers.
When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent.
Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
"Then-Sen. Barack Obama ""refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership."""
"Says Newt Gingrich ""made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion."""
"In 1993, Newt Gingrich ""first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating"" for it."
"Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, ""The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive."""
Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesnt turn the economy around after three years in office, hell be a one-term president.
"President Obamas uncle and aunt ""are illegal aliens ... who've been allowed to stay in this country."""
Says Rick Perry increased spending in Texas by more than 50 percent.
Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gores campaign for president.
The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources.  We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs.
"The federal government ""may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama's health care bill."""
The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent.
The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.
"The federal government ""now tells us which light bulbs to buy."""
The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent.
"Says Donald Trumps polling numbers show that hes ""the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been."""
"The IRS is ""going to be in charge of our health care."""
A report just came out that if we continue with President Obama's policies, we're looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter.
"Says Newt Gingrich ""has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal."""
"Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that ""if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America."""
"By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that ""we will be paying for the entire People's Liberation Army."""
We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic.
These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans.
Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
"When Standard & Poor's ""dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we don't have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position"" that the debt ceiling should not have been raised."
My husband and I have never gotten a penny of money from the farm.
If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obama's policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent.
The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government.
"The government will ""go out and buy my breast pump for my babies."""
The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care.
President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any.
"Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, ""says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled."""
"ACORN ""could get up to $8.5 billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation for voter registration fraud in a dozen states."""
Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
The president  by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.
"The IRS is going to be ""in charge"" of ""a huge national database"" on health care that will include Americans ""personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets."""
"Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimer's were it not for ""overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators."""
"Of every ""three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor."""
After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true.
"Says Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, ""put into place socialized medicine."""
Under Barack Obama's watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times.
"President Barack Obama ""has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience."""
One. That's the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office.
"Small businesses that have ""$250,000 in gross sales for the business. They're the ones that are looking at massive tax increases."""
Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she's flying.
"Page 92 of the House health care bill ""says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."""
"ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and ""they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public."""
"Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census ""how many people are in our home."""
"In the 1970s, ""the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter."""
Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi.
"Under the Hate Crimes bill, ""any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."""
It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets.
"Housing prices dropped for the 30 months prior to Barack Obama taking office, ""and they have stabilized, they've been about flat since the president came in."""
"After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, ""there was a temperature drop while the airplanes weren't flying, for the week afterwards."""
It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place.
"U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin  didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration ""because he is  afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence."""
Says that 98,184 Texans are now driving with temporary drivers licenses lacking their photos.
Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare.
When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
"James Langevin ""has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs."""
"The Congressional Budget Office ""has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion."""
Six of Georgias counties have no lawyers at all.
"Republican candidate for Georgia governor ""dabbled"" in birther conspiracy theories."
"The Pasco County budget ""has doubled in the past three years."""
"Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of ""her state Senate district by a half a block."""
"For thousands of public employees, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill would ""take away any say they have in the workplace, and eliminate their union."""
"Marco Rubio ""opposes extending unemployment benefits."""
There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
"A measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would ""make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs"" through an ""illegal worker loophole in the state budget."""
"The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals giving $125 on average, ""not from PACs, not from groups."""
"Wisconsin's Supreme Court justices are ""deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to."""
"Says ""new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag"" for the health care law ""will exceed $2 trillion  more than double what was initially reported."""
"For educational testing, Florida ""has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old."""
"The goal of Common Core is ""to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs."""
"Military ""recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."""
"A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was ""inspired"" by Gov. Rick Scott."
Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deals appointments have been African-American.
What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business.
"Says Democratic opponent is ""too Republican to stand up for us."""
If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
"Says new Medicare billing guidelines ""have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."""
"Obamacare medical device tax ""has led to the loss of thousands of jobs"" in U.S."
"Under the DREAM Act, after two years of higher education or military service ""you are eligible for citizenship. Once a citizen, this paves the way to bring the rest of (your) extended family to the United States."""
The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
"Says ""every school will be negatively impacted"" if Education Stability Fund is not tapped."
"A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service ""actually recommends  improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations  should they choose to change them."""
"Says 50 percent of millennials dont associate with ""any political party."""
African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
"Says she ""called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight"" early on in the financial crisis."
"If you want to vote in Texas, ""you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isnt good enough."""
The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined.
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
"By 2009, ""dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield"" by drones."
"Tax rates were significantly higher ""in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."""
"Every family health insurance policy has ""a $900 hidden tax"" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured."
A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so.
"Hillary Clinton advocates ""a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."""
Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.
Says she is the subject of 60 books.
Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died.
"Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and ""that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."""
Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?
He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight.
"Hillary Clinton ""has the only health care plan that covers every American."""
Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger.
"In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama ""voted 'present,' instead of yes or no"" on seven votes involving abortion rights."
You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years...
There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies.
George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.' 
Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000.
A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration.
Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years, a campaign spokesman said.
When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now.
The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes.
"Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were ""very tough on illegal immigration."""
She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action.
Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools.
Each year, 18,000 people die in America because they don't have health care.
"Health insurance premiums ""have almost doubled ... since 2000."""
About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages.
\u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier.
Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled. Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007
Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat.
Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House.
Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
"Says Jeb Bush ""doesn't believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does."""
"Americanschools are ""more segregated than they were in the 1960s."""
"Says Scott Walker ""cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote."""
"In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and ""in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off."""
Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the '80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
"By the time I left the State Department, ""economic growth was up and opium production was down"" in Afghanistan, while ""infant mortality declined"" and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold."
Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay,  living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis.
I have 35 years' experience making change.
I have something in common with my husband. He never carried caucuses either. He lost all of the ones that I've lost.
George Bush sent people to war without body armor.
Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository.
She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved.
"Half of all personal bankruptcies in America ""are caused by medical bills."""
In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds.
F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bush's leadership.
"Says Scott Walker's defunding of Planned Parenthood ""left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn"" for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control."
The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay.
I don't answer hypotheticals.
If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years.
More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia.
Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil.
I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California.
"McCain's ""plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."""
I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights.
I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland.
"Barack Obama said in 2004 ""that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."""
I want to freeze interest rates for five years.
On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation.
"The Bush administration has ""the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."""
You said you would vote against the Patriot Act, then you came to the Senate, you voted for it.
Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts.
Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression.
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15-million Americans out."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15 million Americans out."""
Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs.
My husband has not withheld a single document.
"Sen. Obama ""made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."""
Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage.
Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't.
If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.
"Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, ""I did local press all along, the last three months."""
Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one.
A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception  is not going to get that service through her employers health care plan because her employer doesnt think she should be using contraception.
We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt.
"In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan ""justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."""
John McCain wants to privatize Social Security.
We are winning the popular vote.
"It doesn't make sense ""historically"" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when ""Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."""
The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states.
"There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and ""we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."""
My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June.
"As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were ""too small, too poor or too dangerous"" for the president."
"Obama voted for ""tax subsidies and giveways"" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources."
I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo.
I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago.
I can't sign money. That's illegal.
The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth.
All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available.
I remember landing under sniper fire.
"Obama ""basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."""
"Says abortion doctors are ""flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out."""
"The Obama administration originally ""wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort."""
"Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty ""has never prosecuted a single adult felony case."""
"The Baucus health care bill ""would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."""
Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson is ""a big corporate lobbyist"" and has been ""lobbying during the middle of the campaign."""
"President Obama and Nancy Pelosi said ""Obamacare"" would save money because ""they factored in 10 years worth of tax revenue and only six and half years worth of expenses."""
"As a congressman, Mark Neumann ""voted four times to increase our debt."""
"The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of ""more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia."""
"The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve ""are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes."""
"Says Tommy Thompson favors Obama's health care mandate, was publicly thanked by Obama for health reform support and that Thompson ""says we can't repeal 'Obamacare.'"""
"Since President Barack Obama took office, ""you have 1,700 employees just at the Department of Transportation"" earning over $170,000."
"Says Obama health reform law denies millions ""access to affordable insurance."""
Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
"South Carolina has ""the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast."""
"Says ""President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board"" sued Boeing over its decision to open a plant in South Carolina."
"Says New Jersey has ""the highest unemployment rate in the region"" and ""stagnant job growth."""
Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan.
"John McCain's health care plan ""won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."""
"McCain ""said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."""
"Says Mitt Romney and George Allen ""would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a woman's life is at risk."""
"Says ""Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control."""
"Says McCain ""voted to let governments charge rape victims"" for forensic exams."
Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
"Says he ""never"" donates to Democrats while Paul Workman ""contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans."""
"Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of ""boy rape."""
"Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted ""Happy International Women's Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions."""
Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less.
"Comic strip says government study shows Head Start ""has little or no impact on the children its supposed to help."""
It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions about where they can hunt and fish.
If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
"A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help ""stop rising gas prices."""
During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
"Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges ""already had insurance."""
Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic in Florida.
Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals.
"Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state ""to try to keep the deer population down."""
"The Republican Party ""fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."""
"In Hawaii, ""they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."""
"In a now-viral video, ""impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"""
President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.
I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938.
When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
"The Department of Veterans Affairs has ""a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to  your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide."""
You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government  federal, state, local, or otherwise  has never created one job.
"Michael Thurmond ""authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families."""
When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight As.
"Says Donald Trump ""wants to replace"" Obamacare ""with a single-payer system."""
"Says President Barack Obama ""built this $16 trillion debt."""
I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
"Girl Scouts USAs curriculum ""promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate."""
"Science is ""very certain"" that the measles vaccine doesn't cause autism."
"Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is ""declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didn't use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer."""
"The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash ""wasn't driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past."""
"A new Colorado law ""literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors. """
"Miami-Dade has ""the nations highest-rated tap water."""
One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent.
No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous.
We don't need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place.
Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
You don't have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun. I have people tell me, Carbon dioxide warms the Earth. No, it doesn't. The sun warms the Earth.
Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash.
The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'
"Obama's budget plan would ""take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent."""
"Obama's proposed budget ""doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years."""
Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years.
The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars.
All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
"State Medicaid expansion ""will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years."""
Says Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces.
"If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, ""27 states are going to get our money  Virginia taxpayer money  into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us."""
"Virginia is ""the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars."""
"Ken Cuccinelli would ""take money away from public schools to fund private schools."""
Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a womans health.
Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli
Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job.
"Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was ""fact-checked"" and found to be ""0.47 percent."""
"Under Cuccinellis tax cut plan, ""school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers."""
"The state GOP ticket ""says their top priority is a career-long mission to outlaw abortion in all cases and ban some common forms of birth control."""
Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
"Says Virginia economic development officials ""decided they didnt want to bid on"" his company's electric automobile plant."
"Ken Cuccinelli ""tried to shut down"" state government."
"Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli ""should have been prosecuted"" for disclosure violations, but Virginia's law was too weak."
The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we dont have a repayment mechanism.
Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
"More Hispanics ""have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket."""
Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isn't a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this  week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so  that the American people can actually find out what's in it.
Bill White has a long history of trying to limit or even disenfranchise military voters.
Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
"Jim Dunnam ""has not lived in the district he represents for years now."""
War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of  Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
Says Bill White is for gay marriage.
Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the world's largest abortion clinic.
"Every one of ""more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation."""
The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.
"Under President Barack Obamas leadership, ""since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs."""
"Before ""our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected."""
"Says Hillary Clinton ""sent a memo"" to all State Department staff that said ""you should not do State Department business on personal email."""
More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
"2014 midterm election spending by ""the left and the right are both equal."""
"Americans ""bought into climate change"" in 2004-06, but then most ""began wandering away from this issue."""
"Says the Clintons ""burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines"" by acceptingforeign donations.""There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying we're not going to take foreign donations."""
"Algeria ""wanted to be taken off of the terror list"" at the time it made an unreported donation to the Clinton Foundation."
"The health care reform bill ""is the largest tax increase in U.S. history."""
President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.
"As a state rep, I was considered the fourth-most conservative in the Legislature.For one of his two terms/texas/statements/2010/apr/01/rick-green/green-says-he-was-fouth-most-conservative-texas-ho/Rick Green4When you look at the nearly 150 men and women   who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them   had zero prior judicial experience."""
"Federal officials declared that grant funds ""could be used only for Milwaukee's streetcar project,"" meaning it ""isnt possible"" to redirect the money to ""other modes of public transportation or to our public schools."""
"In Wisconsin, ""deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years."""
"Says Mitch McConnell credits Republicans ""for recent economic improvements"" even though they took control of the Senate only ""days ago."""
"Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, ""cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent."""
"Domestic violence ""is seen as a pre-existing"" health condition and ""women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings,"" but under Obamacare, ""all of that is over."""
"A Republican housing finance reform bill ""would eliminate a persons ability to obtain 15- and 30-year mortgages."""
"Says Scott Walker ""brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didnt fund it."""
We've had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.
"Says House Republicans ""tried to change the definition of rape."""
Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker approved a ""gutting"" of two tax credits that help the poor and elderly."
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit."""
I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district in the nation.
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated ""cancer screenings for uninsured women"" and offered ""no alternatives."""
The Republican Party   lost 1.1 million registered voters since 2008. The Democratic Party  lost  1.2 million registered voters (while) voter registration in the   Libertarian Party rose 8 percent.
"The Keystone pipeline creates ""35 permanent jobs"" after construction, according to a government report."
"The United Nations has conducted ""172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations."""
In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime.
Only 14 percent of Americans were able to keep these individual market plans for two years before Obamacare became law.
1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
Al-Qaida has grown fourfold in five years.
I haven't missed a vote since 1993.
If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, we're going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent.
"In Japan, executives of failing companies ""say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit  suicide."""
"Says President Barack Obama is trying to ""pack"" the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals."
The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isnt ballast water.
Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess.
For each $1 billion in infrastructure investment, 42,000 jobs are created.
If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, it's out of whack. The government's growing and the private economy's shrinking.
Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know who's done OK and who's not complaining today? The public sector. We've gained 590,000 public sector jobs.
However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific.
"Says 97 cents of every dollar played ""represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds."""
Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws  but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
"The Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was first flown at the statehouse in 1961.""It was flown as a symbol of massive resistance to racial desegregation."""
"The ""post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim."""
Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
"Broward County was one of three counties in the nation ""pivotal to an Obama victory"" in 2012."
"The military has spent $500 million enforcing the ""Dont Ask, Dont Tell"" policy regarding gays and lesbians in the military."
Rosalyn Dance voted against President Obamas Medicaid expansion.
Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
"Says David Rivera ""received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading."""
"Says David Rivera ""allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act"" that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress."
"The Paul Ryan budget proposal would ""privatize Medicare."""
"The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country ""without Medicare."""
"From 2008 to 2011, ""the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200."""
District 22 includes about 80% of the district I have represented since 2010. District 20 includes about 20% of the area I have represented since 2010.
"Despite what Donald Trump claims, ""there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix"" to see Trump speak."
When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped.
Rand Pauls speech ... on 'Gattaca' was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
The overall fact about illegal immigration is that it's not actually getting worse.
"On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama ""plans to do is roughly on the same scale"" as what President George H.W. Bush did."
"In February, John McCain ""suggested"" the Bergdahl-Taliban swap that he now calls ""outrageous and dangerous."""
Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.
"Says Texas routinely gets ""a lot more federal spending"" than it pays in taxes."
"From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent while ""the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent."""
"Marco Rubio's ""economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit."""
Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate.
The Republican who was just elected governor of the great state of Florida paid his campaign staffers, not with money, but with American Express gift cards.
We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending.
Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly.
Not even old Gen. Eisenhower  saluted military personnel as president.
Oklahomas Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.
"The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a ""Koch brothers affiliated group."""
"Says ""tanking"" Rick Perrys federal tax plan has ""huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else."""
A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career.
The Stupak Amendment doesn't just say you can't use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if you're getting a federal subsidy of any kind, you're not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money.
"Under Scott Walker, ""the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country."""
The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsins finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
"Fox News ""said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama."""
President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency.
"Gov. Sarah Palin ""got precisely zero support for her call for Alaska's Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens' corruption conviction was overturned."""
"Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a ""mandatory vaginal probe."""
"Says ""there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy."""
(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None.
Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson.
Women in the U.S. get 23 percent less pay than men for the same exact work.
Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work.
"The Southern Baptist Convention voted 13 years ago ""that women were inferior and had to be subservient to their husbands."""
"Says with Jon Corzine, ""it's the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues."""
"The Congressional Budget Office ""estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009"" and only 37 percent in 2010."
20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
There are twice as many gun shops as McDonalds in the United States.
"Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is ""about the size of the one"" under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire."
"In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give ""unlimited"" contributions to political parties, but business can't give any."
In the city of Milwaukee, weve still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city.
The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
"When it comes to income taxes, Wisconsin is ""one of the best places in the country to be poor"" but ""top 4 or 5 worst"" for middle-income earners."
"Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa already have 70 mph speed limits on rural interstates, and ""we see that theyve been able to do it safely."""
"Right-to-work states ""have higher rates of income growth."""
"A study of private bail bond systems ""showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states"" of defendants skipping court appearances."
"Voter fraud provided ""a portion"" of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election."
"Milwaukees police chief can fire officers ""for basically no cause."""
"In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instructions recent report cards and are ""failing"" the children they serve."
"Hillsborough's Public Transportation Commission has ""a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on."""
"The United States has ""the highest corporate tax rate in the free world."""
Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men.
In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.
In countries where there are higher, more strict gun laws, there is more gun violence.
The job [of correctional officer] lowers your life expectancy . . . Metropolitan did a study in, I believe it was 1998, and the life expectancy was 58.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
"The Obama administration ""supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard."""
"Austin school district ""teachers are the lowest paid of any urban"" Texas district and the ""lowest paid of any surrounding school district."""
The permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used.
"Of hospitals in Rick Scotts Columbia/HCA health care company, ""A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."""
Reporters have uncovered another Scott company accused of criminal acts. But Scott won't come clean.
"There are fewerwars, there are fewerpeople dying in wars ""now than there have been in quite some time."""
13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.
In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
"Says ""tax revenues are the lowest they have been since World War II."""
"Says Scott Bruun supports ""cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA."""
"Says Scott Bruun ""still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security."""
Says more Republicans than Democrats voted for the Wall Street bailouts.
Says the federal government threatened to impose a no-fly zone in Texas if state legislators bar airport security officials from performing pat-downs.
Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
"Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, ""can be formed in the twinkling of an eye."""
"People on pot""shoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families."""
More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty.
I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
Proof of citizenship isn't necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
Your tax dollars are not being used to sue you, the people.
Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health.
We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality.
"More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."""
"McCain is ""raising campaign cash with one of (Jack) Abramoff's closest business partners: scandal-plagued conservative activist Ralph Reed."""
College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
"Says Jeb Bush ""not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children."""
One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still wont.
Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore.
"The Republican Party has ""21 percent party ID and shrinking."""
"Since Rick Perry became governor, ""poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5%  which is higher than the national average."""
Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on an assault weapons ban.
House Republicans are ramming through legislation ... to classify pizza as a 'vegetable' for the purpose of school lunches.
"Says Mitt Romneys housing policy is, ""Dont try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom."""
Says that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota.
Under (Rick Perrys) watch as governor, over six million Texans have no health care coverage, including one million children, homeowners suffer from the highest insurance rates in the country, and college tuition has skyrocketed 136 percent.
John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators.
The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
"In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats ""got outspent in a Republican district."""
Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obamas health care plan but now opposes it.
"Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting ""the president's Recovery Act."""
The Health Care  and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in  higher education.
"Mitch McConnell opposed ""legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . . health care for Kentucky's children,"" and ""fair pay for women."""
John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
McCain Trying to Have it Both Ways on Iraq
Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
Says Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program.
Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
Carly Fiorina, she's against banning assault weapons.
As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions.
There's a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead.
Fiorina's plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare.
It's costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question.
Weve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (stand your ground) has been in effect.
"Sen. Marco Rubio ""refuses to accept the basic science"" on climate change and is ""a climate change denier."""
"A Koch brothers group is ""going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance."""
"Says Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans ""would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent."""
"The University of Texas is starting ""the first medical school at a major Tier One"" university ""in the last 50 years."""
"Says Chuck Hagel has called for ""an end to our nuclear program."""
The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers.
Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
Deregulation of the states telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied.
This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history.
"The Milwaukee Bucks are ""actually younger than the Marquette team."""
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
"Say that under state law, ""systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment."""
"Says ""streetcars carry more people than buses  you attract more riders who don't ride transit now, and actually the operating costs are not any greater than the bus."""
When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
"Says ""I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door."""
"Says ""I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year,"" including negotiating with teachers to work for free."
"Says Kelly Ayotte voted to ""fix background checks."""
"Providence has ""amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country."""
Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
"Says that as Providences mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a ""world-class  school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country."""
Rhode Island voters are moving away from the Democratic party to  non-affiliation
U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
"Dan Seals has been running for office ""since before there were, like, iPods."""
The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
"Bill Nelson ""leased land that he owned for six cows, taking advantage of an agricultural tax loophole to dodge $43,000 in taxes just last year."""
"President Barack Obamas ""spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt."""
As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
"Says Lee Fisher ""wanted a $1.1 billion tax increase which could have driven countless jobs out of state."""
"Says Tom Steyer is a""California billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone"" and ""is spending big to help"" Bruce Braley."
"Says Bill Nelson sold agricultural land ""for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million."""
"Says Bill Nelson ""cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here."""
This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
"Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., ""voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians."""
"As a result of Obamacare, ""California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700."""
"Tim Kaine urged""$500 billion in Medicare cuts."""
After four years of a celebrity president  85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
Says Bill Clinton opposes President Barack Obama's plan to raise taxes on wealthy Americans.
Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from the stimulus bill.
"Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 ""did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth"" in Virginia."
"The governor has made a ""commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back."""
We dont allow filming inside of the City Hall unless there is a specific reason.
Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years.
"An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law ""can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments."""
This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending.
"John Mica ""voted to borrow $10 trillion."""
Theres pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] arent effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
40,000 veterans in Texas wont get health care because Perry rejected Obamacare's Medicaid expansion.
The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots.
The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat.
"Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, ""it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president."""
"Says ""large majority"" of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born."
"Says if Texas abortion measure passes, ""someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening."""
Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero.
"A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and ""create about a $3 billion infusion"" into the economy."
President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
"Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have ""even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times."""
"Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan ""that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you."""
(U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare).
According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
(Jack Kingston) had more earmarks at one time than every member of the Georgia delegation put together.
I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist...
"A United Nations arms treaty would ""almost certainly force"" the U.S. to ""create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation."""
The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
"Says the federal government borrows ""almost $60 billion per week."""
Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
"When you add a dollar value to mandates, government took almost 50 percent ""of the American peoples money."""
If black America were a country, itd be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world.
"Says ""74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea."""
Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
"The United States is the leading nation in the world ""with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change."""
"Sen. Arlen Specter's party switch could ""end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee."""
Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said about John McCains military record.
"Republicans ""went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holder's nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holder's nomination."""
"The health care bills will be ""mandated spending. You can't cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances."""
That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things  government spending on Cash for Clunkers  they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter  and the first-time home buyer thing.
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
"A married couple that use the same last name ""is rarer and rarer in our country."""
If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
"Research shows that ""a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and that's what they support."""
"Says Rick Perry is ""the guy that tracked"" down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003."
"The government is ""going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it."""
"On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, ""there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasn't even written."""
"Sotomayor ""ruled against the white firefighter  Ricci and other white firefighters  just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded."""
"Says ""Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact."""
"When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, ""MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation."""
"The decision to cancel the trademark of the Washington Redskins ""is not the Patent and Trademark Office. This is Barack Obama."""
Some of the wealthiest Americans are African-American now.
"Wisconsin is ""one of the bluest"" states, but under Scott Walker its unemployment rate ""is around 3.5%."""
"President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency ""into a Muslim outreach department."""
Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate.
"Alaska's Prince William Sound ""is pristine now."""
"A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated ""over two days of the Thanksgiving week."""
You can't read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
"Austin is ""effectively"" imposing ""a ban on barbecue restaurants."""
"The children coming across the southern U.S. border ""were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy."""
Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border.
"Says the media created the term ""polar vortex"" and the cold air proves ""the ice isnt melting."""
"Says it's not ""accidental"" that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane."
Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
"People ""can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."""
"There are ""high administrative costs"" when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site."
President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision.
Georgia has more than 700 law enforcement agencies, and fewer than 20 percent of them are state-certified.
Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it.
"Republican House candidateMarilinda Garcia ""even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check."""
Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
"Says the ""largest tax increase in American history is set to occur on January 1st unless President Obama and Congress can come to an agreement."""
Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
"Georgia's U.S. senators voted for legislation that would ""gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence."""
For now, we are still below average in the metro region.
"In 2011, ""the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000."""
"Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts ""gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch."""
Wisconsin election officials to accept Mickey Mouse, Hitler signatures on recall petitions.
Gov. Scott Walker (is) more than halfway to (his) 250,000 jobs goal.
For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget.
As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, Ive passed legislation that does so.
The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So youre not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it.
We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,
"Ohio taxpayers spent more than $67 million ""for the year"" on food stamps and Medicaid for Wal-Mart workers"
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, that's going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete.
Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders.
"California's credit rating is ""the worst in the country."""
Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
Taxes went down under Jerry Brown.
In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
"Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees ""means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars."""
Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
Only three in 10 young Americans under 30 -- 30 percent under 30 -- have full-time work.
With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely.
"Says Keene, N.H., requested a ""military-grade armored personnel truck,"" citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as ""a possible target"" for terrorists."
"FIFA ""pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums."""
"Brazil built a $300 million stadium in the Amazon rainforest that ""is only going to be used for four World Cup games,"" and theres no team ""that can fill it afterwards."""
The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s.
"Joe Straus is the ""first Jewish speaker of the"" Texas House."
"Says ""Florida is a model"" for successful pretrial release programs."
28 percent of Kentuckians dont have any online access.
Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
Says Gov. Rick Scott's approval ratings are up.
We're the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over.
U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
The average age of planes in the Qatar Airways fleet is about four years while Delta Air Lines flies planes that are 35 years old.
"Says she ""stood up to"" Gov. Scott Walker on tax cuts ""for wealthy corporations"" while her congressional opponent voted with Walker."
"Says area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is ""15 hours away"" from where public hearing on mining was held."
"The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been ""$16 billion."""
"The medical marijuana ballot initiative ""doesnt require a physician writing a prescription"" and can be for conditions like ""having a back that needs to be scratched."""
More than half of last year's U.S. college graduates are unemployed or underemployed.
I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote.
"Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after ""Tallahassee pulled a fast one."""
The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%.
"When undocumented children are picked up at the border and ""told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up."""
Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
"Says Texas Republican leaders ""have proposed laying off thousands of teachers."""
"Says Rep. Ken Legler ""voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes."""
"Says Gov. Rick Perry failed ""to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities."""
Says Gov. Rick Perry is spending Texans  hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.
American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child.
Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
"Says Kurt Schrader voted to cut $500 billion from Medicare, threatening ""thousands of Oregon seniors and their access to their current coverage."""
The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
"Says Kurt Schrader ""cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregons middle-class families and small businesses."""
"Says that according to ""many reports and even our own data,"" the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined."
Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
"The congressional district for Miami-Dade and Broward counties has a ""staggering drop-out rate of almost 61 percent."""
There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
"Claims that Rep. Sanford Bishop votes similar to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are ""inaccurate."""
The collective net worth of Americans has taken a $5.5 trillion hit ... mainly due to plummeting home values.
Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
"When ""the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day."""
"Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, ""the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election."""
"In Ferguson, Mo.,""you've got threeblack officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American."""
"In 2002, ""Iran was more or less an American ally."""
The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated.
"Eric Cantor ""took $5 million from Sheldon Adelson,"" a Las Vegas casino owner."
This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress.
Says Eric Cantor voted to assure Congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid.
"Says there are ""$500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law]."""
"Says ""if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams."""
"Says ""as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it."""
"The deal to raise the nations debt ceiling will ""directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever."""
"Says Donald Trump ""has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system."""
"Say Apples Tim Cook ""will not do business with Indiana."""
"Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal ""explicitly voted to fund abortions ..."""
Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country.
Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected.
"Says David Jolly lobbied ""for government-run health care just last year."""
Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., does not want to audit the Federal Reserve.
"Says ""160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying."""
Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners.
"Says ""the acting chief of the IRS said he  and the majority of IRS employees  would rather stay with his current"" health ""plan than switch to Obamacare."""
The departments of Commerce, Education and Energy and the EPA saw their spending increase by between 130 percent and 219 percent between 2008 and 2010.
What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats.
"In a ""sweetheart deal  members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges."""
"Women ""receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."""
The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums.
"Says Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, ""someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income"" will pay ""less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage."""
Ive got the spending down, Ive got the debt down a little bit, Ive got the reserves up.
"Ted Cruz was ""the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas."""
Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance.
Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that she's a girl.
Says President Barack Obama's parents were communists.
Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
"Says Ronald Reagan ""got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil."""
We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
"Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote ""went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it."""
Says six of the states 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christies budget cuts.
(Chris Christie) has not paid one dollar of state money into our pension system, and then states that the system is broke.
"Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal ""would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans."""
"Says PolitiFact ""listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies"" and ""our own untruthful Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifact's top five of Lie - en Governors."""
(New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government.
"Says in Chicago, ""we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."""
We've added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nation's obligations.
If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship.
Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.
In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
Two years ago Providence alone spent $50,000 a year notifying the school department about residents in the state's sex offender registry.
We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had.
"The Rhode Island Parole Board ""never received an objection from the attorney general"" to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette."
"Peter Kilmartin voted for the 38 Studios loan guarantee and his State House job was to ""twist [legislators] arms to vote for deals like this."""
The amount of money that we put into running our own state legislature is nearly as much as we put into the University of Rhode Island.
Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
Fluoride in the water, that was originally done by the Nazis!
99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting.
Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations.
"Exporters are using a federal loophole to ""deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur"" to U.S. consumers."
"Says ""by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs."""
[W]e see America's prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent.
Two weeks ago, a man entered the worlds busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine.
The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world.
Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the presidents first year in office to 8.5 percent today.
Studies have shown that in the absence of federal reproductive health funds, we are going to see the level of abortion in Georgia increase by about 44 percent.
Social Security has nothing to do with the federal deficit.
"A socially conservative group sponsored a ""prayer vigil"" to stop people from buying Girl Scout cookies because it thinks the Girl Scouts are affiliated with Planned Parenthood."
The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
"If you log into the government's Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can ""seize all of your personal and private"" information, and track your computer activity."
"Obamacare is ""one big fat VA system."""
Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history.
"Scott Walker ""couldnt get his own party"" to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukees school choice program, but in Indiana, ""Mitch Daniels voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening."""
One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs  more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance.
There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
The port provides more than 297,000 jobs directly to the state of Georgia.
Georgia has the countrys second highest number of fraudulent tax refund claims.
"Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought ""billions"" of dollars back into the United States."
Since President Obama took office, gas prices have gone up 67 percent.
"The ""Democrat majority in the Senate has failed to submit [a] budget in the past 1,000 days."""
"Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 ""will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America."""
Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days cant find jobs.
"The Keystone oil pipeline ""would employ 20,000 people in the United States."""
The premiums on Medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
"Says 24 million people in this country ""can't find a full-time job,"" 50 million ""can't see a doctor when they're sick,"" 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home."
According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
"Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is ""what it's all about."""
Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in.
On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters.
In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
"Dan Webster ""would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attacker's child."""
When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
"The United States is ""50th in life expectancy"" in the world."
"Reconciliation was used ""for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."""
"Says Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the ""Quiones Plan"" because it was ""taxation without representation on a large scale."""
Says Daniel Webster wants to make divorce illegal, even for abused wives.
"In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, ""the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. Theyve said it on the record. Theyve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff."""
Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
"Daniel Webster ""is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home."""
In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there.
"Says Patrick Murphy ""hasn't passed a single bill out of committee."""
This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state.
"A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline ""is an earmark"" under House rules."
Says Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
"The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was ""#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."""
About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
Theres more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s.
"Austin is ""a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded."""
Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
"Says four-year terms for City Council members are ""the norm in most cities of our size."""
"Says Austin trains are ""full"" at rush hour and ""packed"" for special events."
Says Austins treated wastewater, put into the Colorado River, is of higher quality than water the city takes from the lake for public use.
"Says Austin voters can approve seven bond propositions ""without raising taxes."""
"Says ""Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas."""
Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes.
"Says nearly 1 million people are ""coming to town"" in the next 20 years."
"If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he ""will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever  and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."""
"Lloyd Doggett ""made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money."""
Says for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings.
"Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor ""for less than the price of one of them"" in Washington state."
"Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken ""an hour and 15 minutes longer"" to carry passengers across Ohio ""than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935."""
"In 2010, uninsured voters made up ""about 5 percent of the electorate."""
"Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, ""the stock market lost 2,000 points."""
Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it.
"It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation of a positive train control safety system. ""To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality."""
"If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, ""you get out of poverty."""
"The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over. Hillary Clinton's""the only one whos done it."""
With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures.
No one questioned that she (Judge Sotomayor) was out of the mainstream.
No Bridge to Nowhere could occur.
"Says that under a new program jail ""time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."""
The United States doesnt have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States.
"Newt Gingrich ""has suggested"" building ""a mirror system in space"" could improve the Earths habitability."
Preventive care does not save the government money.
Chained CPI would save $1 trillion in the second decade off the federal budget debt, a report shows.
"Elena Kagan ""has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues."""
Lyme disease is one of the fastest growing infectious diseases in the United States, and Rhode Island has the second-highest incidence of this disease in the country.
The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
"The Boston Marathon bombing ""is the fifth case"" in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism ""and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders."""
"The United States had ""allies lined up"" for air strikes in Syria and then Obama ""pulled the rug out."""
In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox.
Nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the CIA interrogation program.
Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support ""a national minimum wage."""
I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria.
Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage.
"Miami-Dade County is the ""No. 1 donor county in the state."""
"Says her accomplishments include ""a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending."""
The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke.
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
The states overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
"Since taking office in January 2011, ""the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent."""
Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
Right now in Georgia, nearly one in three leaving our prisons are re-convicted within three years.
[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies.  They were somewhere in the 7 percent range  same as the governors office.
"Georgia is ""one of only about seven states in the country"" that has a AAA bond rating."
Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.
Mercedes-Benz USA moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs.
Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.
Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
Since last years address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
"The HOPE scholarship ""has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country."""
"The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be ""huge"" on Georgia."
"Republican candidate for governor ""Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign."""
While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
This years state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.
Ninety-six percent of failing schools are spending above $8,400, the average annual per student expenditure, and 26 percent spend considerably more than that.
"Says restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a ""real result"" of his leadership."
During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million.
The state of Georgia lost 16 percent of its employees last year, and that percentage has risen over the past three years.
"Taxpayers are ""on the hook ... for less than a third"" of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are ""repaid from money that comes from outsiders."""
The Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
"The planned expansion of Savannahs port is a ""jobs creating project."""
Over the last 10 years, Georgia's public health has declined.
Roy Barnes proclaimed Mexican workers good for Georgia.
Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year.
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
"A ""real result"" of his term is Georgia having ""the lowest taxes per capita of any state."""
We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
Says his plan to end the toll on Ga. 400 fulfills his campaign promise to commuters.
Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
"Before the HOPE scholarship, ""70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia."""
"A ""substantial number"" of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to ""finish the work."""
Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
Jason Carters plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
"Says Jason Carter has ""gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor."""
"The Americans for Tax Reform pledge ""relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action."""
Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta.
The health care price tag for childhood obesity in Georgia is $2.4 billion annually and rising.
More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history.
The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times.
"The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is ""greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa."""
The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year.
"Democrats have said that ""even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."""
"Says U.S. greenhouse gas ""emissions are at 20-year lows."""
Eighty percent of the oil we're discovering, we're discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
"Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs ""$10 a pop."""
"Hidden in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users ""waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information."""
"A small business receiving a federal tax credit ""to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."""
"Oregon Health Plan rations ""covered procedures under certain circumstances"""
Nearly 20% of our residents are born abroad.
"Onion Creeks highest flow rate on a recent night of flooding ""was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls."""
It's taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio & Erie) Canal.
The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities.
John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods.
"Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed ""a mandatory abortion fee"" on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the states Obamacare exchange."
"The polls ""show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life."""
"Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the state's pension portfolio ""have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million."""
"Says Lincoln Chafee ""settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise."""
1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.
If every small  business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we  would cut our unemployment rate in half.
Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
"In South Florida, ""we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s."""
"Says Jeb Bush ""flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration."""
"Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is ""a constituent of mine."""
Says the person who Florida U.S. Rep. Allen West first hired as chief of staff told people attending a Tea Party rally that, 'We will use bullets if ballots don't work.'
A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut.
Nearly 60 percent of women who use birth control do so for more than just family planning.
"Cap and trade legislation ""was originally a Republican idea."""
"The shutdown is projected to result in ""$10 billion in costs to the economy per week."""
"Says there's a ""100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons."""
President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president.
Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
"Says Mitt Romney ""is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception."""
In terms of the wealthiest Americans, we're at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s.
The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill.
"The GOP health care plan ""would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."""
500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare.
"Says President Obama has cracked down ""on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president."""
"After losing 750,000 jobs a month before this administration, the U.S. economy under Barack Obama has had 20 straight months of growth, has added 2.8 million jobs in the private sector and added ""millions of jobs in manufacturing."""
The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, has said that the No. 1 policy decision that brought us to the need to prevent the nation from defaulting on our debt for the first time in history were the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003.
"The Democratic health care law ""added 12 years of solvency to Medicare."""
"Republicans are now ""taking credit"" for provisions of the health care bill ""that they had tried to derail."""
On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ...we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency.
"Says Marco Rubio ""was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it."""
There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
"Chris Christie ""cut equal pay for women, calling it 'senseless bureaucracy.'"""
"In the New York 9th District, ""there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didn't support the president to begin with and don't support Democrats -- and it's nothing more than that."""
"Dan Webster supports ""privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security."""
We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance.
The U.S. Supreme Court struck down Wisconsin's photo ID election law
Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
"Says Mitt Romneys campaign ""has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run."""
"Says CNN's Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that ""the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans don't even pay any federal income tax."""
"By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans ""want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws."""
"The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would ""allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions."""
"The United States ""stood alone in the war in Iraq."""
"Says she was misquoted and ""didnt say"" that the Israeli ambassador said ""what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel."""
"Says Ralph Hall is ""the oldest member in Congress ever."""
Every time we've cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown.
According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola.
NASCAR fans are twice as likely as non fans to serve in the military and 37 percent of active servicemembers and veterans are NASCAR fans.
Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all.
I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record.
So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions.
With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night.
I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes and been the lone dissenter.
"Huckabee ""was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."""
I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce.
I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to.
He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal.
"We live in ""a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally."""
... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders.
Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board.
"Says that under President Barack Obamas health care law, ""your insurance"" premiums could go up by 200 percent and cost ""as much as a new Explorer."""
"Sarah Palin ""has more experience than Barack Obama."""
He was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return. John McCain said, 'No.' 
The Iraq Study Group reported that (Saddam Hussein) had designs on reviving his nuclear program.
For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants.
"Says she ""created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders"" in Texas."
Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast.
When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
"Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, ""has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars."""
"Cigarette butts ""poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them."""
94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents.
"Newt Gingrich ""teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming."""
"Newt Gingrich ""was fined $300,000 for ethics violations."""
"Says Rick Santorum ""voted to let convicted felons vote."""
"Says Newt Gingrich ""supports amnesty for illegal immigrants."""
As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions.
Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
"Newt Gingrich ""co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy."""
"Says Newt Gingrich ""co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy."""
State revenue projections have missed the mark month after month.
Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
We dont show people playing these games. We dont show them winning playing the video lottery games.
Only five states, including Georgia, do not have a hate crimes law.
"Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives ""weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare  for getting rid of cap and trade  for building the Keystone Pipeline."""
"A recent Gallup poll found that 72 percent of Americans and 56 percent of Democrats ""say the biggest threat to our nation's security is big government."""
Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
"New energy standards will take away ""our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes."""
"Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting ""without consultation or input from the company"" to stop the sale of Buckyballs."
"SaysPresident Obama and his allies in Congress gave ""power"" to control Medicare patients health care decisions to ""a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington."""
"Says that in Curry County, ""if you make a 911 call youre likely to wait for an hour for a response."""
"Says ""for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut."""
"Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and ""could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there."""
"The Milwaukee business community ""did not speak about the facts"" -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed."
"During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, ""some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea."""
(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
"Milwaukee police and firefighters ""are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises."""
"Commercial buses in the United States have ""a stellar safety record, a safety record that exceeds that of any other commercial mode or surface transportation mode."""
"Says that with President Obama's re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise ""to roughly 65 percent."""
Two of the top three (rated) public high schools in Wisconsin  Ronald Reagan College Prep and Rufus King International  are MPS schools.
Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.
"Says Florida ""rubber-stamped phony horse racing."""
"Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its ""administrative expenses to less than 5 percent."""
This governor has given us continual balanced budgets without raising taxes.
7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top.
"DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget ""than any local government in the Atlanta metro region."""
Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care.
Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when people's lives were put into these situations.
"SaysJeb Bush ""significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election."""
"Florida election officials requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a ""backdoor poll tax."""
"One Texas city ""has a law that says that women can only have six dildos."""
"A Texas law says ""that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window."""
Certainly we're going to be the most restrictive state in the land  in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft.
Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have.
What happens is people like Warren Buffett  and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right.
"Poor people go to a ""payday lender...and they pay 300, 400, 500 percent interest."""
We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression.
One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran.
Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China.
"Clinton has ""raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."""
An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican.
I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004.
John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever. -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser
"Rural schools ""face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."""
Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding.
I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific, truly universal health care plan.
"Edwards says if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: ""I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you."""
If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.
Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
"Rick Perry ""has advocated abandoning Social Security, scuttling Medicaid and ending the federal income tax."""
"As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon ""was caught tipping off a ringside physician"" about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers."
Says David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans.
Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now.
"Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst ""would privatize Social Security."""
"Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land ""said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., ""opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago."""
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""admitted"" that Washington, D.C., ""changed"" him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests."
This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
"AARP is ""the largest reseller of insurance in the country"" and ""has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."""
Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
"A president must ""obtain Congress' consent before formally accepting the Nobel Prize."""
Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
"Says in U.S. Congress, members ""dont even have to be on the floor for debates or votes."""
"More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than ""all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq."""
"Says the reasoning behind Portland's high water and sewer rates is ""all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus"""
"The Atlanta areas water planning district ""is now the national leader in conservation."""
We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
"November 2012 was ""a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history."""
"One of the ""main functions"" of the Department of Homeland Securitys SAVE database is ""checking voter registration citizenship status."""
"Says constitutional amendment would ""help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate."""
"Says ""One of the states largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year."""
Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
"Health care reform ""requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."""
"Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would ""place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment'  with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."""
Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits.
The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with 'government-certified' stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so.
"Health care reform ""establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."""
Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
"Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen ""called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'"""
The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year.
"The states that are doing ""better"" are the ones that have no state income tax."
"Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail ""who didn't even commit a felony."""
"Alabamians ""havent changed their opinion"" on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006."
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
"The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority ""was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free."""
"The unemployment rate is declining faster in Tampa ""than almost anywhere else."""
"Says he""secured the highest possible bond rating"" for the city of Tampa."
One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs.
"Says he ""balanced the budget without raising taxes."""
"Tampa Bay is""leading the state in jobs creation."""
There was no panhandling when I left office.
"Bill McCollum ""diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources."""
Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
"Says McCain was a ""Hanoi Hilton songbird"" who collaborated with the enemy."
No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave.
Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now.
Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered by the 14th Amendment.
The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011.
"Says ""if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get"" $150 billion."
Every poll said I won the debate.
You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended.
We don't have bridges being built in the United States.
I have the No. 1 show on NBC.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
Jeb's policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse.
"Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin ""projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion."""
Four times, I said, he (John McCain)is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces.
Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries.
When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesnt exist, folks.
The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
"The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is ""30 million, it could be 34 million."""
The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product  was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero.
"Says President Barack Obamas recent New York fundraising trip ""cost between $25 million and $50 million."""
"After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Husseins forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis ""never paid us."""
CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied.
The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they don't know who he is.
"Says Barack Obama ""promised he would cut the deficit in half"" but didnt."
Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crists debt went up about $5 billion.
More than 250 (voter registration) groups, ranging across the entire political spectrum, have filed with the state and are registering voters right now.
"Says Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin ""hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother."""
Before this law, any group could go out anywhere, register voters, sit on the voter registration forms for unlimited amount of time.
"Says Barack Obama ""promised"" gasoline at $2.50 a gallon."
In every state, women are paid less than men.
Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the states rainy day fund is already used.
Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify].
"Driving with a dog in your lap is dangerous, in part, because it could fly forward in a crash. ""An 80-pound dog at only 30 mph packs a 2,400-pound punch."""
The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. We're the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. We're the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.
There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
"Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card ""with $400 a month on it"" and ""$250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food."""
In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.
"Says ""cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation."""
"Says ""we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates."""
Literally, by the time a child is 18 years of age, they've killed over 100,000 people in video games and other online things.
"Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate ""among the Central Texas area school districts."""
"Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the districts ""debt load doubles with these new bonds."""
Marijuana contains 50 to 70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco.
"President Barack Obama ""had the legal authority"" to strike Syria without a vote from Congress."
"The president can ""authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."""
"If you look at last year's presidential campaign, ""you can't find a mention of public option."""
"Obama voted ""to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."""
"In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama ""has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."""
"Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting ""without consultation or input from the company"" to stop the sale of Buckyballs."
When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and were getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers  other than the fact that it produces the jobs.
There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts.
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
"The people who want President Barack Obama impeached ""are all white, they're all older, and guess what, they're in the far right wing of the Republican Party."""
"When it comes to classified information at the State Department, Hillary Clintons ""the decider."""
"Polls indicate that ""white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think theyre less trustworthy, less patriotic."""
"There was ""just about zero press coverage"" of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy."
Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
"Says Dan Patrick ""proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation."""
"Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should ""borrow money if you have to from your parents."""
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
"Up ""to 45 percent"" of illegal immigrants ""are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers."""
Were seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
"Says cuts by Gov. Rick Perry's administration left ""12,000 teachers without a job."""
Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
Youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
"The health care law reduces ""the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion."""
The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employee's in the United States government.
If you have a job in this country, (there's a) 97 percent chance that you're not going to be in poverty.
The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the 'Stimulus' bill was signed into law in February of 2009.
"Says Gwen Graham ""was a Washington lobbyist."""
"92 percent of President Barack Obama's administration has ""never worked outside government."""
Over the past year ... our 16 counties have hemorrhaged more than 6,000 jobs with no apparent end in sight.
"Ronald Reagan ""banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban."""
"On assault weapon violence: ""Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia."""
We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
"Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi ""the person I respect the most in Washington."""
"Says ""Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers."""
Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth.
"The Seattle Times called Patty Murray ""a 'prolific sponsor of earmarks.' Patty even defended the 'Bridge to Nowhere.' """
The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
Americas least-trusted news sources are also its most popular.
"Says Jeb Bush ""said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.'"""
"Paul Ryan would ""outlaw in vitro fertilization."""
"Says Chris Christie ""vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue."""
"Says Jeb Bush ""appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor."""
African Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police.
"The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans ""own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."""
"For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, ""the real unemployment rate  is 51 percent."""
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent.
Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place.
In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
We are the only major country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right.
In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction.
One out of four corporations doesn't pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes.
Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty.
"Says in Newark ""were paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes."""
The middle class can be defined to include those with income between roughly $20,000 and $60,000.
Says the U.S. national debt has tripled during Rep. Greg Waldens time in Congress.
Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households.
Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy.
The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
"47 percent of Americans""cant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money."""
"The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is ""equivalent to about three minutes' worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet."""
Says he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller.
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
"Says Crist campaign website ""has eliminated all references to our Republican Party."""
"Cuba has ""a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours."""
Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage.
"Says Marilinda Garcia supports ""$150 billion in new taxes."""
The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus.
Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
"Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald ""Sterling is a Democrat."""
Reporters rehearse questions with White House press (secretary).
Says 70 percent of Virginias Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes.
Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years.
"Says female genital mutilation is ""a central African problem,"" not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested."
All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speaker's office.
Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
"Operating a health care exchange would be ""illegal"" in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states."
"The Senate health care bill ""would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."""
Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
Some of our state's educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
"Jules Bailey ""was instrumental in creating the Business Energy Tax Credit that let companies like Wal-Mart profit by $11 million while costing the Oregon general fund $33 million."""
Says most of Perry's chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired.
There's almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and that's an all-time record number in our state.
Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
Our (Texas) graduation rate ranks 43rd out of 50 states.
"During his tenure as mayor, he ""saw Houstons crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years."""
Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
"Says Rick Perry told students he couldn't attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day ""tweeted that he'd just been running with his dog."""
"Texas has ""a higher unemployment rate than neighboring states."""
The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
Gov. Rick Perry broke  his promise that he  would not accept a $40,000 pay increase.
Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him.
"Says that under Gov. Rick Perry, Texas Department of Public Safety troopers have had ""standing orders"" not to inquire into the immigration status of people unless they're under arrest."
Says Rick Perry's proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
In Rick Perrys Texas, we import nurses ... from other countries.
Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perry's appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. That's right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change.
Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs.
Says Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent.
In Rick Perry's Texas,  the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in  the world.
Says Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
As Houston's mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth.
Says Gov. Rick Perry is by far and away the highest-paid state employee on an hourly basis.
In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry  flew to five cities at taxpayers expense, holding press conferences,  delivering $2,325,000 in checks.
"Says Republican state leaders are using ""Soviet-style""  budget management."
"Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding ""more than 1,000 people a day."""
The U.S. has now spent more on reconstructing Afghanistan than was spent on the Marshall Plan and the reconstruction of Europe.
"If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is ""going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet."""
More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
We're fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
"The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers ""are on some form of public assistance."""
There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantor's defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed.
Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.
Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? I'm not joking.
Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years.
Says Bruce Starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in Maui.
Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
"A company hired to do Common Core testing in Florida will ""attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can."""
In Atlanta, since 1994 when the Seven Deadly Sins (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) bans implementation in Ohios hospitality industry alone.
You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
"Says the federal stimulus program was ineffective because ""the number of jobs has actually decreased by 18,300 through July 2011."""
"Says ""we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined."""
"Says ""Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?"""
The incoming Republican freshman class  well, its no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
Right now, one third of all illegal aliens are going to California.
"Some businesses in Oregon ""are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law."""
"The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act ""would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads."""
"The U.N. Arms Treaty""infringes upon our right to keep and bear arms."""
Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster.
A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
The Republican presidential nominee hasnt won women since 1988.
Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
Voted the best specialty plate in America
If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped
Last year -- actually, this year in May -- we saw New Jersey Transit fares rise anywhere from 25 percent to 47 percent.
A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours.
Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
"The Florida House is ""holding the FINAL public hearing"" of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break...""when they hope (teachers) are not watching or listening."""
It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
"Says President Barack Obama is ""sending a much larger (force)"" to deal with Ebola ""than ISIS is getting."""
"The media ""widely overlooked"" comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from."
Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%.
Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
"Russia and China ""absolutely said clearly"" they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States ""walked away from the deal."""
"When I go on Letterman the ""ratings go up."""
More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
"Says Nelson Mandela ""was a communist."""
The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
I never said I was on the Falkland Islands.
"Muslim nations did not ""call out"" the people who celebrated the 9/11 attacks."
"The majority of people in polls do ""not support Obamacare."""
In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
Says he didn't tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
"Says the federal government hosted a conference and ""ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece."""
The 'Denver Post' has actually hired an editor to promote pot.
"Since 1965, the United States has spent ""untold trillions"" yet the poverty rate hasnt budged."
Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
"When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was ""one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up."""
"Says he didn't call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what ""some prolifers branded him."""
We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you're going to jail if you don't buy health insurance. Nobody's ever said it.
Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.
There never really was a 'Hastert Rule.' 
Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
Thanks to (Rick) Perry's bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel.
Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.
Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest.
More women are graduating from college now than men.
The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
"To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, ""if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."""
"Says Secretary of State John Kerry, ""when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism."""
"Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour ""will destroy between half a million and one million jobs."""
The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
"Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies ""they couldn't inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them."""
$100,000 in  stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse.
"If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, ""that's about the size of the post office work force."""
"Says Alison Lundergan Grimes ""supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors Medicare."""
The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated.
"The stimulus includes  ""$219,000 to study  the sex lives of female college freshmen."""
The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case.
"The climate-change agreement between the United States and China ""requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years."""
"Says he ""voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act)than Obama's agenda will allow."""
"Says a new report shows the ""devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."""
The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
"A public option for health care would end private insurance ""because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option."""
"A recent economic uptick appears to ""coincide"" with ""the expectation of a new Republican Congress."""
"Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed ""faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term."""
"A major part of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman ""was essentially written by BP."""
"New financial regulation ""actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."""
In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined.
"Ken Buck wants to ""outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest."""
Buck wants to privatize Social Security.
"Says that ""Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year"" -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax."
"Says state's expected ""increase in federal political clout  is almost entirely due to  the growth of the African American and  Hispanic populations in Texas in  virtually every region of the state."
"Says that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill ""that attempts to distinguish between forcible rape and other sexual assaults."""
(Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies.
"Says Greg Abbott ""converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots."""
"Based on current trends, ""15.5 million girls will be married in the next 16 years as children."""
Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
"At Bain Capital, ""we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."""
"In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we ""should talk to Iran."""
Half the kids coming out of college this year  can't find a job, or a job that's consistent with a college degree.
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel.
"Says ""Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice."""
If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
"Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with ""the lobbyists at Freddie Mac."""
Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that  by any measure Social Security has been a failure.
In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did.
The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner.
"John McCain has said the economy is ""not his strong suit."""
Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy.
Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent.
(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs.
Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent.
"Former business partner Robert Gay says: ""The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney."""
"Huckabee ""granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."""
"Romney said ""'No' to in-state tuition"" for illegal immigrants."
In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock.
The mayor said  'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here.  We want you here.  We'll protect you here.' 
The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent.
We had a No Child Left Behind  a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools.
I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment.
Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them.
Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
6,400 Ohioans ... lost manufacturing jobs in the month of September.
Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and theyre rushing to build a lot more. Theyll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
"Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration ""had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America."""
"Says Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and ""investments through a Caymans trust."""
"Massachusetts schools ""are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states."""
Were now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
"Says Barack Obama's comments indicate he ""believes in redistribution"" of wealth."
Fifty percent of kids coming out of school can't get a job.
"The Supreme Court said the individual mandate ""is a tax. So it's a tax."""
"There are ""49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies."""
President Obama's suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.
"Says Newt Gingrich said ""Spanish is the language of the ghetto."""
Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.
"Says he ""helped save"" the Olympic games."
"Newt Gingrichs immigration plan offers ""a new doorway to amnesty."""
"Massachusetts has ""less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas."""
Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
"Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that ""Social Security is unconstitutional."""
Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
"Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that ""at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion."""
"Says that under President John F. Kennedy, ""government took up"" 27 percent of the economy, and today it ""consumes 37 percent."""
By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
"Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''Pay this bill and call me in the morning /truth-o-meter/statements/2010/mar/22/mitt-romney/romney-overstates-united-states-medical-costs-and-/Mitt Romney1McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."""
"Mike Huckabee ""supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."""
Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto.
"Mitt Romney boasts that he is ""proud to be the only major candidate for president to sign the tax pledge. The others have not."""
Took on the Olympics and turned them around
(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it.
"The United States stopped plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe ""as a gift to Russia."""
"The federal health care law tells ""the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have."""
Obama's Environmental Protection Agency sent emails for Hispanic Heritage Month with a photo of Che Guevara.
Women in Barack Obama's White House are earning less than men.
Latin Americas economy is almost as big as the economy of China.
"Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya ""terror."""
Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land.
Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women.
On Medicare for current retirees, he's cutting $716 billion from the program.
Says President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts.
Seven times Obama could have stopped China's cheating. Seven times, he refused.
Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income.
"Under the ""Obama economy ... utility bills are higher."""
The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future.
Under the president's plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare.
"Says Obama ""refuses to recognize Jerusalem"" as the capital of Israel."
Under the Obama administrations bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close.
"The Obama administration ""has been outsourcing"" by sending money to ""solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States."""
When I was governor, not only did test scores improve  we also narrowed the achievement gap.
The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years.
"As governor of Massachusetts, ""Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent."""
More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama.
National debt plus unfunded liabilities adds up to $520,000 per American household.
We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery.
"In the ""Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans."""
The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this presidents term.
"Twenty-five or 24 million people are ""out of work or stopped looking for work."""
President Obama is shrinking our military.
I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.
(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states.
When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it.
The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years.
We have 25 million Americans out of work.
I didn't inherit money from my parents.
In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April.
Since the passage of Obama's stimulus package, over 1 million additional jobs were lost and nearly 25 million Americans are out of work, are stuck in part-time work, or have given up looking.
President Obama has raised taxes 19 times.
"Barack Obamas recess appointment of Richard Cordray ""is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be the wrong thing to do."""
You can hire lots of bureaucrats. Thats what the presidents done. Hes added 135,000 people to the government workforce.
"Solyndra""had robots that whistled Disney songs. I'm not kidding."""
"Says Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was ""open to amnesty"" for illegal immigrants in the United States."
Says Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perry's governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obama's presidency.
Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens.
"Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had ""no increase."""
"When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, ""the percentage uninsured went down."" Under his successor, Rick Perry, ""it's gone up."""
Says Texas unemployment rate has doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
Says a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare.
I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife.
"Huckabee supported ""a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate."""
John McCain is right on that one. The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending.
"President Clinton ""reduced the scale of our military dramatically."""
I have not changed my position on the (gay) marriage amendment or anything else related to marriage.
It doesn't make sense to me to send $1-billion a day out of our country. We can be energy independent and should be.
Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law.
The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes.
(McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade.
"Says Hillary Clinton ""erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress."""
"Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran ""when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred."""
Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan.
"Says Barack Obama ""put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments they're going to receive."""
"College tuition ""costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats."""
"Says President Obama promised ""he'd keep unemployment below 8 percent"" if the stimulus passed."
Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
"Claims Joe Biden said ""coal is more dangerous than terrorists."""
"Says Barack Obama ""robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare."""
In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.
"President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict ""only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada  We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon."""
"Stimulus dollars paid for ""windmills from China."""
The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3% between January 2009 and March 2012.
What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama.
Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama.
Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
"President Obama told people ""to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings."""
Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
Were $15 trillion now in debt, with a president thats racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws.
We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
"President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perrys ""decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."""
I don't think I've ever hired an illegal in my life.
"In the early 1960s, all levels of government were ""consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy,"" a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, ""we cease at some point to be a free economy."""
Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesnt have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
"During his first year, President Obama said he ""was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez  the worst actors in the world."""
Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
"Barack Obama ""wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."""
I saw my father march with Martin Luther King.
No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion).
She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything.
Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president.
In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world  into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1.
"Says President Obama has ""doubled"" the deficit."
Right now, the (Congressional Budget Office) says up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year.
"The ""48, 49 percent"" that supports President Barack Obama are ""people who pay no income tax."""
President Obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period.
"President Obama was saying success ""is the result of government,"" not ""hard-working people,"" when he said, ""If you've got a business, you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen."""
Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
 Obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.
Obamacare  means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep.
Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt.
"When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, ""we didnt just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it."""
"Says Barack Obama ""is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare."""
The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW.
This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip.
Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.
"Eliminating ""Obamacare"" ... ""saves $95 billion a year."""
Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldnt build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama.
"Repealing the health care law ""would save $95 billion in 2016."""
"Says Barack Obama ""never worked in the private sector"" before he was elected president."
"Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it ""can't build a factory in a non-union state."""
This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.
Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada.
"Several times, Obama ""has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance, dismissiveness, and derision; for dictating solutions, for acting unilaterally ... ."""
He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where  he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's  left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our  effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close  Guantanamo, thank heavens.
I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector.
I don't have lobbyists running my campaign.
I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA.
"The Red Sox waited ""87 long years"" to win the World Series."
The Z-visa that was offered in that Senate bill let everybody who's here illegally, other than criminals, stay here for the rest of their lives.
"Says Barack Obama ""sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China"" at the cost of American jobs."
Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families.
"Says Barack Obama began his presidency ""with an apology tour."""
"Redistribution has ""never been a characteristic of America."""
"Barack Obama began his presidency ""with an apology tour."""
Under Obamas plan (for welfare), you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check.
"President Barack Obama is ""ending Medicare as we know it."""
"Ronald Reagans philosophy of ""peace through strength"" is why ""the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in."""
"Says in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama ""didn't even mention the deficit or debt."""
"The U.S. military is at risk of losing its ""military superiority"" because ""our Navy is smaller than it's been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947."""
We're only inches away from no longer being a free economy.
"Says Barack Obama said, ""If we keep talking about the economy, were going to lose."""
"President Obama ""went around the world and apologized for America."""
"The Massachusetts health care plan ""dealt with 8 percent of our population,"" far less than the ""100 percent of American people"" affected by President Barack Obamas health care law."
We're inches away from no longer having a free economy.
A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America.
We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.
"President Obamas health care law ""represents a government takeover of health care."""
I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.
Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
Im running against a  groundhog. He saw his shadow on the primary day, and  no one has seen him  since.
"Historically, Senate ratification of arms control treaties ""has been bipartisan."""
Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations.
Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
Says Barack Obama didn't keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
"Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school  children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a  watt of energy."""
Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the states emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
Were making more than  ever off oil and gas right now, but its no secret that oil production  in Texas peaked in the 1970s.
"Says Sierra Club sued him to stop oil and gas activity on Texas coast, but ""we won"" and ""the turtles are fine."""
"Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation ""was supported by a majority of"" Texans."
We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' 
"There are ""850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry."""
Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasich's office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
"Says proposed anti-abortion legislation ""would force women facing the most personal of health decisions to endure a transvaginal ultrasound."""
"Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasichs budget caused ""many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs."""
"Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan ""that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike"" "
Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
"DeWine ""took $1.9 million from big banks,"" ""supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions"" and ""protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes."""
"Rob Portman shares ""radical, ideological views"" toward women."
"Says Ohio Treasurer Josh ""Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign."""
"Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel ""supports allowing the United States to default on its obligations."""
"The Texas Constitution ""still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote."""
A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country.
"Phoenix is the kidnapping capital ""of the Western Hemisphere."""
In 2011, (Debbie) Wasserman Schultz missed 62 congressional votes  one of the worst records of any member of Congress.
"U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""has blamed the Republicans for the creation of Hamas."""
"During the Eisenhower Administration, ""not a single soldier  died in combat."""
Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
"Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that ""belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water."""
In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
"Says Charlie Crist ""raised taxes on the middle class"" by $2.2 billion."
Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
"Charlie Crist ""raised taxes in 2009 and won't rule out raising taxes again."""
"Rick Scott ""invested $38 million in the Port of Jacksonville's vital Mile Point Project,"" which ""covered missing federal funds for the project."""
"U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson ""compared a former vice president to a vampire ... and compared America's health care system to the Holocaust."""
"Under Rick Scott, there has been a ""historic $20 billion in funds for education."""
"Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein ""gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crists appointments of key state judges."""
"Says Charlie Crist ""voted against raising the minimum wage."""
"As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw ""a $27 billion loss in the state's pension fund."""
Newspapers say Florida made bad investments, lost hundreds of millions of dollars, billions in pension funds lost. Who was in charge of Florida's investments? Alex Sink.
"Barack Obama will ""raise Social Security taxes."""
"Judithanne McLauchlan ""was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians."""
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education.
"Says Alex Sink supported ""higher property taxes."""
"Says Alex Sink ""supported higher sales taxes."""
Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
"Says Alex Sink supported ""a $5.2 billion increase in Florida's debt."""
Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it.
"State pension fund staffers ""lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses."""
"Says Charlie Crist ""is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto Ponzi scheme."""
"Says Charlie""Crist made it easier for Duke to take your money."""
"Says Charlie Crist supports ""cuts to the Medicare Advantage program."""
"Says Alex Sink ""failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices."""
"Loranne Ausley ""voted six times to tax your savings."""
Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals.
"Obamacare ""prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance."""
"The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."""
"Schoolchildren across the nation ""will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president."""
Fidel Castro endorses Obama.
Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation.
EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our commitment to a cleaner environment and called us a model for other companies. 
"Says he has engaged in the political process ""only in the past decade."""
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City.
Financed the largest parking expansion program without a rate increase.
Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.
"Says Scott Walker is ""forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion."""
Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education.
"Says Tommy Thompson ""pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues."""
"Says Jeb Bush ""once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all."""
A lot of what (Cubas) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up.
"Says ""(t)his 12 year council 'Seat-warmer' has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting."""
Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.
"As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by ""millions of dollars every year"" and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010."
"Says Democratic recall opponent Mahlon Mitchell sent a letter ""encouraging folks to boycott more than 100 companies."""
"Wisconsins monthly job reports have a ""margin of error"" of 75 percent and were ""way off"" in eight of first 10 months of 2011."
"A recall election for Wisconsin governor would cost ""$7.7 million -- $7.7 million that may already be allocated to merit raises for teachers or health care for the poor or school books for your kids."""
"Says she made a ""cold call"" and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin."
United States students are achieving at number 25 out of 29 developing countries when it comes to science and math.
The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
"Says ""Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care"""
Says it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools.
Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
Contrary to media reports, Georgias gas tax change led to no price increase at the pump.
Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the '30s.
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health.
Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that ""protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas."""
"Says Ken Cuccinelli wants ""to eliminate all forms of birth control."""
"Says ""If Oregons Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will  leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility."""
Says Tom Hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over-development and sprawl.
Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.
"Says that in 41 states, government workers ""are better paid than the taxpayers who support them."""
Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security.
Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today.
"Says ""if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma."""
Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
The extra point is almost automatic.  (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
"NFL ""players are living, on average, longer than the average male."""
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
"Gwinnett County government has made ""significant cutbacks in staffing."""
We have the best schools in the United States.
Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
"Says scientists predict ""sometime in the future, an event that will kill  somewhere between 80 and 90 million people."""
Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one.
We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979.
In the United States, 50 percent of social services are provided by the Catholic church.
There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
"Says his elections proposal would allow ""a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had."""
"Florida has ""more concealed weapons permits than any other state."""
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
"Florida ""unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation."""
At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Florida's economy.
Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
"Jennifer Carroll is the ""first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida."""
Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!
The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes  which is the lowest of all 50 states.
Candidates for governor routinely disclose their spouses tax returns.
Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year.
Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses don't pay a business tax.
This budget also reflects the smallest state government workforce per 1,000 residents in Florida in this century.
For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
"Florida has ""1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf."""
About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
We are poised to get rid of over 1,000 more regulations in 2012.
Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
Since I took office, weve created 76,800 jobs.
Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
Hackers broke into Virginia's prescription-drug database (and) ... obtained more than 8.2 million patient records and a total of nearly 36 million prescriptions.
According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year  and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
On my first day in office, I ordered a review of every regulation in the pipeline and every contract exceeding $1 million.
"Says the high-speed rail project provides ""short-term jobs."""
We are the only state in the country that state employees don't contribute [to their pensions].
Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year.
My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama.
Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals.
The same federal government that offers some money for a program is walking away from another health care program.
We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years.
"Education funding of $7,176 per student is a ""historic level."""
Rick Scott says he supported in-state tuition for Dreamers while Charlie Crist was against it.
"Says abill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would havechanged ""nothing."""
The CBO says if we raise the minimum wage the way Charlie (Crist) wants to do it, it would lose 500,000 jobs.
832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was)governor.
Attorney General Eric Holders own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law about early voting in Florida.
Governor Scott Cut Taxes 40 Times For Florida Families
Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians.
Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States.
The $18.8 billion in funding for K-12 education funding is the highest in Florida history and includes a record $10.6 billion in state funds.
The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%.
We cut taxes 24 times.
Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise.
"Says his proposed education spending ""is the highest state funding level in Florida history."""
"Says his budget provides ""the highest state funding level in history"" for education."
In the four years before I became governor, we increased state debt $5.2 billion. We've paid it down $2 billion.
Under Charlie Crist, Florida lost 825,000 jobs and the unemployment rate increased from 3.5 percent to 11.1 percent.
"After hearing ""the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT,"" next year ""we begin improving our testing system."""
"PIP fraud is ""$1 billion in fraud."""
My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education.
I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus.
A recent study revealed that, across the nation, taxes would have to be increased by an average of $1,300 a year just to support the currently unsustainable public employee pension systems. In Florida, that dollar figure translates to $813 a year.
In May we generated more jobs than all the rest of the country combined: 28,000 jobs in May for the state, 54,000 for the entire country.
Studies show that people that are on welfare are higher users of drugs than people not on welfare.
"Bing Energy said it decided to move to Florida because of Gov. Rick Scotts ""plan to eliminate the corporate tax."""
Says Florida's pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
It is projected that 3.07 million people will use the train annually. Keep in mind that Amtrak's Acela train in Washington D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore only had 3.2 million riders in 2010.
"Regulations are an ""endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence."""
"Jennifer Carroll's an ""outsider."""
We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. They're costing us billions of dollars and they're taking legal residents' jobs.
If you read the Arizona (immigration) law, what it says is if you are  stopped for violating the law and they have a suspicion that you're  illegal, they can ask you if you're legal.
"Florida ranks ""45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business."
The families that are covered through the Low Income Pool is a different group of individuals than are covered by Obamacare.
Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
"We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise in the Miami area and ""hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs."""
"Says Charlie Crist wants felons who ""commit a heinous crime"" such as ""intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote."""
Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didn't.
3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
All Aboard Florida is a 100 percent private venture. There is no state money involved.
Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off.
Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month.
Obamacare will drive 2.5 million Americans out of the workforce.
"Because of the federal health care law, ""300,000 health plans canceled"" in Florida."
All of Florida's four-year state colleges now offer bachelor's degrees for only $10,000.
We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
"Florida ""remains the top travel destination across the world."""
We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state.
We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
The significant drop in Floridas unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
"Says the Congressional Budget Office ""said if youre going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges youll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family."""
"Citizens Property Insurance has ""over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus."""
At my first Lets Get to Work Day  we sold out; more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m.
I have askedtheDivision of Emergency Management toreport directly to me.
Says Tri-Rail shows the potential problems with investing in high-speed rail.
"Says his tax and fee cuts will save households ""$540 over two years."""
Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
Bill McCollum voted for higher taxes and fees 42 times while he was in Congress.
While (Charlie Crist) was governor, utility costs went up 30 percent and went from below the national average to above the national average. Since I got elected, utility rates have come down 11 percent and now we are below the average.
"Says Charlie Crist ""voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate."""
We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
Recently, Florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting time down to just two days.
"A ""legacy of taxing and borrowing  crippled the economy we inherited two years ago."""
Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
"The Medicaid expansion is ""going to cost Florida $1.9 billion a year."""
Says the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain.
"Says Barack Obama's health care law ""will be the biggest job-killer ever."""
Today, you can't rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), it's not funded.
"The Affordable Care Act is ""not the law of the land."""
"The United States' regulations ""are among the most difficult in the world."""
Our credit rating went up since I've been in office.
High-speed rail would have cost Florida taxpayers $1 billion to build.
Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ...were able to purchase inexpensive 'child-only' coverage for their children. The laws 'consumer protections' have now eliminated that choice in Florida.
"The federal health care law is ""probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country."""
Says he never said he would keep education funding the same.
Says Alex Sink's plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
"Alex Sink wants to ""cut Medicare."""
"Bill McCollum ""backed Jim Greer's effort to hide financial irregularities."""
"Bill McCollum ""served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."""
If you care about the environment, we've got record funding.
"A Scott Rothstein victim says that he was ""swindled"" by Charlie Crist."
Says Florida didnt offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
"A company with ""20 employees"" could go ""out of business"" because of health care law requirements to buy insurance."
The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
"Jim Marshall ""votes liberal in Washington ... and we aren't fooled."""
Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China
"The Islamic State, or ISIS, was ""cast off by al-Qaida because"" it was ""considered too extreme."""
25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
"Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to ""leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms."""
"Says a gun bill before the Senate ""is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners."""
We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida.
Says his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
Wisconsins dead last in Midwest job growth.
New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities, most of them for tech schools.
"Under Scott Walker, ""right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started."""
"Wisconsin is ""38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards"" in student testing."
The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walkers policies.
"The Wisconsin school voucher program ""has no research that shows that its going to improve student learning."""
In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
Were 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker.
"Says Scott Walker ""gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce."""
"Says Scott Walker cut funding to local governments in Wisconsin, contributing to the ""second-largest increase in violent crime"" in the Midwest."
"Under Scott Walker's ""tax plan, the average Wisconsin taxpayer got just $11 a month. But corporations got $610 million in tax cuts. Millionaires got at least $1,400 per year."""
"Says Scott Walker cut ""taxes for the wealthiest"" and raised taxes ""on 140,000 Wisconsin families."""
Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education.
"Wisconsin is ""not a high tax and fee state."" When you look at ""all the money state and local governments bring in"" from residents, ""we're more in the middle."""
Were trailing every other state in the Midwest in terms of job creation since January of 2011.
The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under Gov. Scott Walkers actions.
You've seen where we're now going from a $700 million surplus to getting into the next biennium with almost a $750 million deficit.
"Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state ""84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today."""
"Under Scott Walkers policies, ""the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years."""
"Says Scott Walker's jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead ""Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people."""
Already in Wisconsin we have seen fewer people pursuing education as a career due to the Act 10 collective bargaining law.
Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
"Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors ""that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme."""
Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor.
"New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has ""fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth."""
"Says a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained ""strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walkers repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as ""one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck."""
Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
"Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin ""unemployment's up"" from 4.8% to 6.2%"
"Scott Walker's income ""tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state."""
"Under Gov. Scott Walkers proposals, ""Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations. """
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""says hell do away with Medicare."""
76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against"" changes to bargaining laws."
"Says Clackamas County Measure 3-401 ""will hurt our county, cripple economic growth, and increase our taxes with excessive special elections."""
"Says challenger Dominic Chavez is a ""Rick Perry Republican"" lobbyist."
"Austin mayoral candidate ""Mike Martinez takes corporate money."""
"An audit shows ""there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,"""
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
The U.S. would gainrevenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now its three.
The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
The national debt grew an estimated$15 billion last weekend.
"$65 billion ""would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes."""
"Ed Gillespies ""firm even lobbied for five foreign governments, including a dictator now awaiting trial for war crimes."""
Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespies ads are false and misleading.
The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America
If you look at our tax mix, the share of corporate revenues as a percentage of our overall revenue mix has declined by about half over the last 30 years.
"The U.S. energy policy is to ""borrow money from China to buy oil from countries that don't like us."""
"Millennials ""will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years."""
"Regarding sexual assault against women, ""Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college."""
"Says 70,000 children ""have lost their Head Start slots"" because of the sequester."
"Ed Gillespie ""supports a personhood amendment."""
Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska.
"Gas prices have doubled because ""Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump."""
More people are driving under the influence of drugs than are driving under the influence of alcohol. A recent roadside survey showed that 16 percent of the people tested, tested positive for illicit or licit drugs. That's significantly higher than alcohol.
"Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison."""
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. That's one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.
The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff.
"The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be ""a middle-class benefit. It's not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year."""
The government's twice the size it was 10 years ago. It's 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president.
Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud.
"The death penalty ""is a deterrent that does affect and impact people."""
"Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that dont even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that dont ""mention the word insurance."""
In 2010, everybody said you can't dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.
"There are ""10 or 20 deaths a year from foodborne illness"" in the United States."
Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to  be run by the government.
"Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and ""that's basically a clear indication the governor's counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet."""
I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service.
We havent had control of the House for the last two years and its been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
"Says a photo ID voting law in Georgia didn't dissuade black voters from participating in voting. ""It hasn't, it doesn't, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, it's been helpful."""
We have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the union. 
Says the Ohio Consumers Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
"Says getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important ""so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today  in the 70 to 80 percent range."""
"Says a ""Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life."""
"Says the federal government ""mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security."""
"Says ""half the Americans don't pay any income taxes."""
The presidents health care law raids Medicare by more than $500 billion and creates a Medicare rationing board  a group of 15 unelected bureaucrats  to slow the growth of Medicare spending.
Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas.
You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it.
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner ""blocked immigration reform"" and ""voted to deport our DREAMers."""
There is no clinical evidence that vaccinating healthcare workers protects patients.
Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
Mike Dovillas big ideas like expanding the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit, which helped bring films like The Avengers to Cleveland, have helped make our state No. 1 in the Midwest for job creation.
"Says President Obama's decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant ""we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump."""
"A ""foreclosure tax"" that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender."
95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all.
"Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district ""significantly better than she found it."""
There are more than 46 million Americans living in poverty today -- the largest number in 54 years.
Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
"Says Connie Mack ""wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district."""
In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not.
The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
"Says Gov. Rick Scott returned ""$1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law."""
"Says Connie Mack was ""the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA."""
"Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut ""over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense."""
"In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, ""one of the worst voting records"" in Congress."
"Says Connie Mack IV has been ""a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage."""
"Says it wasn't until he and a Senate colleague were able to ""wrangle the actual streaming video"" from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow."
55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.
"Oil money from federal leases ""can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling."""
Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Florida's public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances.
"In a budget deal struck in 2011 ""a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts."""
"Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted ""yes"" for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, ""you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes."""
"Says Connie Mack voted to redefine ""rape"" as ""forcible rape."""
"Says Connie Mack ""is protecting Chevron oil from a multi-billion dollar lawsuit over pollution of rivers and rainforests."""
"At the same time gas prices have increased, ""the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years."""
The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop.
My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population.
"If Gov. Rick Scott activates ""the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the states costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA."""
"Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, ""directly contrary to Floridas Constitution."""
"Says Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to ""take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market."""
"Under the new health care law, ""the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel."""
"Chemical weapons have been used ""probably 20 times"" since the Persian Gulf War."
A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
"Says personhood legislation she sponsored would not have restricted access to reproductive services and was ""simply a statement that I support life."""
Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees.
"Says Bruce Braley ""threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property."""
To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
"Says hes ""the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress."""
A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
"Says she has bipartisan support, including ""53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans."""
Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
"Employees in ""workplace freedom"" states make more money"
"Forty-six cents of every dollar Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion ""is going to come from China or some other country that doesnt like us very much."""
Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
"Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders ""funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students."""
"Says the Texas House has ""a record number of new members joining our ranks."""
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
The Iranians are now saying that what we're saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
"A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida ""is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies."""
Just days ago, Iran's Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a 'rabid dog' and accusing the United States of war crimes.
I did not support the sequester.
Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
When Social Security first started, there was 16 workers for every retiree. Today there are three workers for every retiree and soon there will be only two for every retiree.
Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
Weare picking up oil with shovels and paper and plastic bags.
"Charlie Crist ""bizarrely vetoed"" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida ""despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."""
By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents.
Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with  Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have  lost their jobs.
Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social  Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That  was something that was supposed to happen in 2016.
"The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks ""over the top,"" ""out of context,"" and ""not true."""
We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots.
"Says that Donald Trump ""supported Charlie Crist."""
This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.
Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas.
We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
"Administrative employees at colleges and universitieshave ""more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1."""
The reason why Cubans don't have access to 21st century telecommunications  like smart phones, like access to the Internet  is because it is illegal in Cuba.
"In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, ""no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy."""
No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
"Marriage ""decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent."""
In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
The reason we have a national debt is not because of defense spending. What is driving our long-term debt are Medicare and Social Security programs.
I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in.
"The United States has ""an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill."""
There is an increasing amount of evidence from public polling that the highest number of Americans ever identify themselves as pro-life.
"No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.Because Obama ran the most ads, period/florida/statements/2012/feb/06/marco-rubio/marco-rubio-no-candidate-has-run-more-negative-ads/Marco Rubio1We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression."""
From now on, we have to pay the Russians $50 million an astronaut to send Americans to the space station
Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
"To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties ""borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with today's $14 trillion debt."""
Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world.
The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered.
If we ban the practice of earmarks, we could save the American taxpayer anywhere between $15 (billion) to $20 billion dollars a year in pork-barrel spending.
$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crist's political photo-op special session.
Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas.
A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent.
"The Iran deal ""violates promises the president made to the American people."" ...""It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process."""
There is not a single documented case of abuse of the bulk metadata collectionprogram.
I'm running for office with much more experience and qualifications than Barack Obama had when he ran.
"The authors of a report on CIAs torture techniques ""never interviewed a single CIA official."""
Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college.
We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law.
"The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight ""is not amnesty."""
There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people dont have the skills for those jobs.
Military spending cuts, known as the sequester, were President Barack Obamas idea.
Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed.
Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama.
"The RESTORE Act started as an ""effort to dedicate as much BP fine money as possible towards Gulf Coast restoration"" but now ""could steer money to places like the Great Lakes and West Coast."""
The majority of Americans are conservatives.
"Says Mitt Romney ""was one of the first national Republican leaders to endorse"" Marco Rubio."
If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest.
Of the more than 1.3 million temporary mortgage modifications, over half have defaulted.
Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.
Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself.
Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus.
"Fifty-seven of Rubio's 100 ideas ""ultimately became law."""
Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
"On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, ""I have never said that or advocated that."""
"Says Hillary Clinton has ""been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight."""
There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
"ISIS is ""now the predominantIslamist group in Benghazi."""
If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary.
"Surface temperatures on Earth ""have stabilized."""
Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed.
Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away.
"In Florida, ""300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance."""
I never was in favor of shutting down the government.  (I) voted to fund the government fully.
The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
"Says President Barack Obama could ""basically"" legalize all immigrants here illegally ""by the sign of a pen."""
"Under Obamacare, people who ""have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor."""
Even the employees union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
"Ch Guevara ""wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent."""
The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
Agriculture has always required a significant workforce from abroad.
"The United States does ""not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S."""
The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. Thats a fact.
"Charlie Crist ""attacks me for positions he held, like, six months ago, (when) he was running in the Republican primary."""
"The Obama administration ""spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."""
"Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with ""my money."""
"Says that President Barack Obama said an attack on Syria ""was going to be a pinprick."""
"The Iran deal says that ""if any other country tries to undermine (Iran's) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies."""
"The United States ""is not modernizing its nuclear weapons."""
"The United States ""is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines."""
I can tell you with certainty (capandtrade)would have a devastating impact on our economy.
"Human activity is not ""causing these dramatic changes to our climate."""
"Common Core is being ""used by the Obama Administration to turn the Department of Education into what is effectively a national school board."""
"The health care law ""adds around $800 billion of taxes on the American people. It does not discriminate between rich and poor."""
"Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low ""by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses  the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates."""
Says a U.S. Supreme Court justice suggested that some U.S. cases will be decided based on South African law.
"Says his parents ""came to America following Fidel Castro's takeover"" of Cuba."
Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida.
"Charlie Crist ""worked with Acorn"" to give felons voting rights."
Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
I have never voted for a tax increase.
"Under Obamacare, ""75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours."""
The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus.
Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn.
Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
"Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed ""only one bill"" in seven years."
"Says Marco Rubios ""proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges."""
As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
"Wisconsins economy has ""tanked"" under Gov. Scott Walker and""so far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014."""
Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice.
Says he never wanted to raise the debt ceiling.
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
Violent crime is up since the last year of Sharpe James administration. This year its higher.  The unemployment rate is almost 15 percent. The high school dropout rate is over 50 percent.
"Says under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen ""violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row."""
The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
New Jersey taxpayers  will now face the highest tolls in the country.
Today, the Social Security system is broke.
"Says a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by ""bringing it in line with other county boards around the state."""
"In Rhode Island ""there are 150 different pension plans for public workers."""
Theres actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio.
"ISIS reaches ""about 100 million people a day"" through social media."
[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence, but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit.
In 2001 and '02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the)100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point.
"Jorge Elorza ""wants to impose a municipal income tax."""
"President Obamas health care law says ""when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax."""
The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either don't have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and they're still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
"Rhode Island's state pension system ""underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office."""
Under the clear letter of the law, (Justice Clarence Thomas) must recuse himself from the case challenging the constitutionality of the health care law.
"Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in ""many cases where she had little role"" as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest."
Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan.
The health care law includes tort reform.
"Japan's ""interest on its own debt"" is ""25 percent of its national budget"""
Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican!
AGallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners aren't hiring because of what they call regulatory uncertainty.
Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
"Saysthe State Department has ""had half a year"" to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet ""I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper."""
We were the last flag flying in Benghazi.
"Says Mitch McConnell pushed ""the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate"" and called it ""the Senate at its finest."""
"Many of the founding fathers were ""very actively involved"" in cockfighting."
Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights.
Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Islands sales tax.
Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
"Art Robinson says ""Social Security should be ended through attrition."""
Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.
Says only seven percent of 2009s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bills total jobs.
Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support.
Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights.
Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery.
"Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slaves'freedom in border states, but the states ""all rejected it."""
"Congress ""is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus"" but in 2008 and 2012 ""explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."""
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
"The United States is""fighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen we're fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis."""
"The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths ""or more."""
Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers?  Fox viewers, consistently, every poll.
When the country was founded, Congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of Christmas celebrations that a 7-Eleven does today: 'Yeah, we're open.'
Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldn't pay any taxes.
"Pat Toomey ""still supports privatizing Social Security."""
Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
"Says ""New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country."""
In 1958, there were 16 states in this country that prohibited -- prohibited -- an African-American and a Caucasian from being married.
Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth.
"Says ""$57,000 is the mean [income] in our state"" for a family."
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where ""low-income voters"" live."
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
"Georgia ranks ""last in job growth."""
"Austin has ""over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."""
"Says ""roughly two-thirds of (state) corporations didnt pay any income tax in Virginia."""
Were losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
Says Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
"Says New Jersey is ""losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream."""
Every year the state loses 8,000-10,000 acres of land in bear country.
"President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley ""acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago."""
Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem.
Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
"The ""U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country."""
"Says the Central Health district's tax rate is the ""lowest among the largest counties in Texas, and it will continue to be the lowest"" if voters approve a proposed tax increase."
"Says Texas has ""11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster."""
Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
"He received ""A"" ratings from ""every conservative organization that gives ratings."""
There was a report that came out from the FBI  a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays.
For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000  it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes.
"In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were ""very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."""
"Between 2008 and 2014, ""criminal aliens accounted for 38 percentof all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York."""
I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper.
For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that it's our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
"Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler opposed an injunction to stop a ""company from dumping petrochemicals directly into the Barton Springs aquifer."""
Hate speech is excluded from protection under the First Amendment.
"Under a Wisconsin bill, ""minor offenses such as violating pet leash laws, seat belt laws, parking infractions, etc., would now be arrestable offenses."""
"The economic stimulus bill created a council that's ""modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."""
"Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered ""unqualified support"" for a plan to end Medicare"
"With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is ""increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich."""
Gov. Chris Christie caused a 4.1 percent increase in property taxes in 2010, marking the highest increase since 2007.
"Jobs incentive program ""created over 1,200 high-wage jobs since 2009."""
Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve.
"Says""theres 400,000"" anchor babies born in the United States a year, which are""individuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens."""
U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
"Obamas 2012 policy on younger immigrants ""created these children coming across"" the border."
"Because of President Barack Obamas failure to ""push job creation,"" the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate."
"The Obama administration ""manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration."""
"Says he ""is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System."""
"Says ""I am happy to decline PERS so that the County can save over $68,000 over a four year term that would have been paid on my behalf."""
"Says ""As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars."""
ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders.
Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control.
Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.
Bill White ... supports the ObamaCare socialized medicine plan, as well as Cap and Trade legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs.
"Says Baltimore police are ""trained by Mossad and Shin Bet."""
The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.
There would be tens of thousands of jobs created if President Barack Obama approved the Keystone XL pipeline.
"Sixty-percent of the state retirees...dont get Social Security.Closer to 22 percent/rhode-island/statements/2011/nov/13/kathleen-connell/rhode-island-aarp-head-kathleen-connell-says-60-pe/Danny Porter2A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge."""
"The budget currently being debated ""significantly decreases the use of one-time resources."""
Most of the state budget isn't for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service.
"Says Barack Obama ""has deported more people than any other president in this country's history."""
Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriffs Dept. and Social Services.
"Says personal-injury trial lawyers ""have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade."""
An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBI's highest civilian award
The Arizona law basically parrots the federal immigration law.
Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
"Georgia has ""a dropout rate thats higher"" than Alabama's."
To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution.
We have SAT scores lower than that of Alabama.
Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
There are more guns than there are people in the United States.
After I had resigned or announced my resignation, I abolished -- I prohibited pay-to-play for people that had county or state contracts.
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
Says there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race.
"Says federal debt ""doubled during the Bush administration."""
"Says in his years as a Texas legislator, ""we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance."""
"Says Ted Cruz ""has pledged to eliminate"" the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students."
"Ted Cruz is ""unknown to the vast majority of Texans."""
I never supported a state income tax for Texas.
60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
"Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean ""2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts."""
"The Israelis""gave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant."""
"Buried in the Affordable Care Act is ""a huge government bailout."""
If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that says 'hardship'and you're out.
"Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair ""will only increase that percentage."""
Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
"Liberty University students ""were mandated"" to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement ""or they would be fined."""
"Ken Mercer ""wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts."""
We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
Bob Menendez just voted to increase the government's debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone.
"Republican challenger Bill Flores ""has never once voted  in a general election in our district."""
When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no.
Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
"The education tax burden for Shelby County -- and Tennessee -- is ""one of the lowest in the country."""
Of the 20 bills [Rep. David] Cicilline has sponsored in his three years in office, not a single one has advanced past the embryonic committee stage.
Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
"The United States is ""number 14, number 15"" in college graduation rates, and ""we're leading the world in high school dropout rates."""
"Rand Paul wants ""to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities."""
"Rand Paul ""wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare."""
Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Doherty's case, in a little over a week.
"The American Academy of Pediatrics ""supports banning guns."""
"Says rabid animals from other states carry ""different strains of rabies"" that Florida ""vaccines and serums dont affect."""
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
"The Obama administration offered ""no magic number"" of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces."
"The Milwaukee County Boards staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers ""a lot more,"" while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period."
Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
"A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a ""strong indicator"" of broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage"
While Act 10 allowed (Milwaukee County) to save some money, it was millions short of what we needed to fill the hole left by the $28 million cut in state aid.
"The Milwaukee County sheriffs department ""plays only a limited role as a traditional law enforcement agency"" and in 2009 reported far fewer crimes to the FBI than the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee police did."
Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
"Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars ""on your dime."""
I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan
Were second only to Boston in college students per capita.
"Milwaukee County has ""a parks capital budget thats bigger than its been in the last 10 years."""
Property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into Milwaukee County.
"Says he ""helped lead an outside audit thatll save (Milwaukee County) taxpayers over $200 million."""
Were one of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census.
[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging.
Rhode Islands teen binge drinking rate is double the national average.
Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
"In the past year, DeKalb has ""attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs."""
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
"The Florida Department of Agricultures website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used ""to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house."""
We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men.
By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity.
Legally, it doesn't make any difference which state district you live in when running for Congress.
In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war.
I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me.
A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year.
Says Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries.
Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
"Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is ""allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools."""
"An Internet sweepstakes cafe is ""a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state."""
Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
"The New York Times ""had to retract"" its story that Hillary Clintons email handling had broken certain laws."
President Obama is a Muslim.
"Says Pennsylvania charges a top income tax rate of 3 percent and Delaware ""has no state income tax at all."""
Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
I built the last nuclear plant  not only in the state, but in the country.
"Says Oak Grove is ""one of the largest cities in Oregon"" and is ""the biggest city in Clackamas County and it's not a city."""
If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
"A bill by Earl Blumenauer would ""mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles."""
There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonald's in Broward County.
"Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him ""a rock star."""
"Dave Aronberg ""was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation."""
"Dan Gelber's employment by BP's law firm ""could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General."""
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
"Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said ""it had to be between a man and a woman."""
"Says that in Ohio ""right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason."""
Young women today in metropolitan areaswho are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
Baltimore spends the third highest per capita on its public schools.
The Democratic leader in the Senate, Harry Reid, has blocked any vote on the Keystone pipeline for years.
"Says Hillary Clinton ""defended Syrias President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that countrys civil war."""
Thousands of politicians from across Ohio  along with their relatives, employees and friends  are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
It is truethat we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
"Says Jeanne Shaheen has ""voted with the president 99 percent of the time."""
I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
Im ninth generation from New Hampshire.
"Says Jeanne Shaheen ""voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax."""
"Says Jeanne Shaheen ""voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax."""
They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.
Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts.
"The stimulus bill ""didnt create one new job."""
Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it.
When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off  that started to begin in (President George W.) Bushs administration.
"Gov. Rick Scott ""is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs."""
We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children  regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old  at bars and restaurants.
Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense.
Says women care most about jobs and the economy
"Of the 98 top oxycodone-dispensing doctors who used to live in Florida, ""today, there are none."""
"Floridas proposed medical marijuana amendment ""would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless other conditions specified by any physician."""
"Mortgage fraud is ""up 400 percent in the last five years."""
"Opponent Holly Benson said that ""Just because you're poor doesn't mean you're unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running."""
By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget.
I've shut down pill mills.
National studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy. Businesses across the country are raising their prices  (or) cutting jobs as a result of the added cost.
We're the only system of federalism in the world.
Says Rush Limbaugh made it clear hed rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed.
State employees haven't received a raise in five or six years.
"Says administrator salaries were increased, ""but other school employees were left behind."""
"Says ""Did you know that if you accepted the District's proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect."""
4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states due to Obamacare.
Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits.
Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost"" in modern times."
"Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches ""do not move"" presidential approval numbers."
Obama's approval numbers 'are in the low 40s.'
Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination.
Barack Obama is in an economy that's only worsened since he's been president of the United States.
"Rick Perry thinks ""injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parent's consent, is a good idea."""
"Since the Fed was created in 1913, ""the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power."""
"The dollar ""has fallen over 44% since Bernanke began pumping money into the system beginning back in 2002."""
"Female students at UVA ""have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted."""
"$65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for ""even an overpass in Tysons Corner."""
"Governing magazine has ""estimated that in the states that dont expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states..."""
One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people in Virginia
"Except for Virginia, ""the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax."""
"Broward Countys unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is ""the lowest in Florida."""
"On immigration reform, Marco Rubio ""all along has been saying, 'We have to have border security first' "" and then ""he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, 'No, no. That will never get in the way.' """
The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
The Georgia Secretary of State's Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws.
"Says his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, ""hadnt voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008."
"Vows to keep Georgia's race for governor ""civil"" and focused on the ""positive."""
A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman.
ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm.
"It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog, but he's ""cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time."""
"When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama ""had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson."""
"Says Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerces ""own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation."""
Says Texas leads the nation in fatal industrial accidents.
Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
"Says his transportation plan ""would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline."""
"Northern Virginia is the most ""heavily trafficked place in the country."""
"The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape ""has been there for more than 30 years."""
"Says hes proposed ""the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history."""
Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore.
Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure before an abortion.
Our crime rate continues to plummet.
"Virginia is ""headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states."""
Weve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
We expanded charter schools.
The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt.
"Says a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions ""was supported by Republicans and Democrats."""
Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors  That approach that Republicans are using is working.
In the past decade, K-12 funding has grown six times faster than the rate of enrollment.
Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office.
The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household.
The brutal fact is, when it comes to education, America is slipping behind other nations.
"President Obama's ""budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected."""
Under Gov. Rick Perrys leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.
When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
"Road construction bids ""are coming in at the lowest in the modern era."""
It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
Its been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget.
"The Obama administration is ""unwinding our nations welfare-to-work requirements."""
"Virginia ""is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America."""
"The U.S. economy is ""recovering slower than Europe """
"Saysproposal to boostteacherpension fund""puts no mandate on local government."""
"Says his plan to raise car registration to $56 would still leave Virginia with a fee thats ""equal to or lower than most states."""
"States still face a ""mandate"" to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obama's health care reform law."
"Virginia state employees ""pay nothing"" toward their pensions."
Says Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid.
"Ed Gillespies 2006 book ""promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code."""
"Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a ""raid on public education to pay for roads."""
Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction on Medicaid expansion.
"In 2007, Ed Gillespie ""was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan."""
In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
"Virginia has made ""no progress on jobs"" since Bob McDonnell took office."
Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.
Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
"Wisconsin is ""not walking away from a dime"" in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion."
"Wisconsin bill ""grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products."""
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
The State of Texas is funding  womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
"A proposed bill in the Florida Legislature ""would authorize the public hoarding of cats by feral cat activists."""
"When it comes to jobless workers, ""Mitt Romney says he likes to fire people."""
This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.
"Guantanamo detainees ""get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf."""
We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
I built that border fence in San Diego...and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs...by 90 percent.
And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers.
In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children.
"Every day, ""about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia."""
A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
Fracturing or horizontally fracturing the shale to open up larger pockets of natural gas ... has been used for over 60 years and, as of 2009, over 80,000 wells have been fracked in Ohio.
"Immigrants ""have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000."""
In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say you're 32 and you're actually 42, you've committed a misdemeanor.
Most tips left at Dunkin Donuts dont go to employees.
"Says El Paso was named Americas ""Safest Large City"" a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nations highest crime rates."
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
"The U.S. is spending ""one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan."""
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
"There are 500 million Internet users ""and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China.  So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent."""
We created a flat tax in the state of Utah.
"The United States has ""the longest surviving constitution."""
I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better.
"The United States sends ""$300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes."""
I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation.
"Utah was ""the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service"" as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs."
"China is or soon will be ""the largest English-speaking nation"" in the world."
Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
In this country  we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
You look at defense  we're spending more than the rest of the world combined.
We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
"Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that ""cut income taxes by 30 percent."""
"Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal went from President Barack Obama's desk to ""the garbage can."""
The IRS is already planning on 19,500 new employees to administer Obamas health care mandate.
"Georgia legislation on immigration is a ""copycat"" of an Arizona immigration bill."
"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation is a ""proven job creator."""
"Rhode Island's legislature is ""the strongest in the country."""
"The state budget proposal has been submitted ""on time and [it's] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades."""
The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
If Rhode Island applied a  1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state  would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
One of the reasons I believe were in trouble in Yemen is we lost the population on drone strikes issues. Thats what stirred up the population. Thats what is happening in Yemen.
"Says Ronald Reagan ""talked about"" converting the United States to the metric system."
Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs.
We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
"Farming is ""one of the fastest growing areas of our economy."""
"Experts say the property tax ""is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful."""
The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country.
"If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan well be the first state in the nation to do this.Hardly new/rhode-island/statements/2011/nov/02/lincoln-chafee/gov-lincoln-chafee-says-rhode-island-would-be-firs/Lincoln Chafee4Rhode Island is one of only six states"" to use E-Verify."
I remember one of [Curt Schilling's] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock.
Fifty-three percent of teens  in Central Falls are getting pregnant.
Nobodys invited us to the Obama events in Atlanta.
More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage...
If you look at the income of average Americans...theyre absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.
The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
Thanks to the Obama administrations negotiations, Irans nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
More than 7,000 Americans lost their lives to climate change-fueled events last year.
It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
"The amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds ""total tax revenue."""
Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
"Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: ""It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets."""
"Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means ""NO future funding for our neighborhoods."""
"Ryan Sittons company ""accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars."""
"The Central Falls fire department is ""one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region."""
Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America.
"Says history suggests sports will ""quickly subsume a lot of the attention span of the country"" in the presidential primary."
By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the company's USA corporate headquarters.
"Challenger Tim Tuggey ""is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage."""
"Because of a local version of Amendment 4, ""the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills."""
"St. Pete Beach's experiences are a ""fair example"" of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes."
"St. Pete Beach's local version of Amendment 4 resulted in ""seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the city's legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate."""
Amendment 4 will reduce Floridas economic output by $34 billion annually.
"Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 ""will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees."""
"Says that under Rick Perrys plan, ""Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%."""
"Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had ""the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history."""
"Says ""Cape May, Cumberland, Salem and part of Atlantic counties are all south of the Mason-Dixon line."""
Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last months election
Since sequester began federal employment has been subtracting 6,000-7,000 jobs per month
"The national debt ""has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."""
In the last 50 years, (the federal government has) only balanced the budget five times.
"Says the Obama administration ""will no longer enforce the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)."""
"Vern Buchanan ""has been completely exonerated"" in a Federal Election Commission action."
In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida.
TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT
"TriMet is ""spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year."""
Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off  youre 15 percent more likely to die in that car.
"Says Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood will ""force you to stop using your cell phone"" while driving."
"It used to be that the only children at school who weren't vaccinated were those who had true medical conditions. ""Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions."""
"Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and ""virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks."""
If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
"Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took ""large piles of cash"" from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard."
For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology.
Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000.
"Due to the sequester, ""people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn."""
"Says Oregons political tax credit is something ""every state should have and no other state does."""
"Says Michael Cargill was ""arrested and incarcerated in Bell County."""
Says New Jersey has fewer jobs since Gov. Chris Christie took office.
One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
Says Paul Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
Mitt Romneys platform ...won't protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
"In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than ""in the Reagan recovery."""
Says Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country.
Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
"Says ""in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000  $500 per student  is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone."""
It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison.
"Says that in 2011, Oregon had ""the second fastest growing economy in the nation."""
Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
"Says the Nike bill ""is not a tax break ... this does not lower the taxes that Nike will pay nor does it prevent the Legislature from raising those taxes in the future."""
Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
"Says his state budget will ""provide an increase in state funding "
Since the governor took office, Oregons unemployment rate has dropped to its lowest point in three years.
John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor.
Says Chris Dudley thinks Oregons minimum wage is too high.
Says more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan.
"Says the state is required ""pick up 70 percent of the cost"" of K-12 education."
"Oregon ""is the most trade-dependent state in the nation"""
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
"Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force ""is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio"""
Since the time of the Civil War, we've made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.
"The DeWine campaign is ""receiving money from so many more people.(Cordray's) money is coming almost exclusively from the party, labor unions, and special counsel that he has given business to."""
There are currently delays of up to six months in the processing of DNA evidence at the state run crime lab.
The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
"If you and I fail to defund ObamaCare now, some 16,000 new IRS agents will be begin prying into our private medical records, eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations."""
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
I've done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country.
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
"Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally but the Senate bill ""would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years."""
"An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine ""because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK."""
We had a debate on whether ObamaCare was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
"President Barack Obamas budget threatens national security by proposing ""an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor."""
75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts.
One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.
Like me, Scott Walker opposed the 1998 transportation bill and the $9 billion of wasteful spending.
And weve constantly been the lowest unemployed county in the state.
Did you know Wisconsin's AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?
Says Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe.
"This year, the Austin City Council ""granted a small homestead"" property tax ""exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community."""
"Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: ""Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist."""
"Only ""18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city."""
Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.
"The state of New York is the ""worst in the nation in economic recovery."""
Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour.
"Says ""Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security."""
"San Antonio is ""now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor."""
Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romney's) plan in Massachusetts.
"President Obama has ""stopped using the phrase 'war on terror.' """
"Michele Bachmann's legislative record is ""offering failed amendments."""
There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent.
"On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama ""promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans."""
Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion.
"Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 ""because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s."""
"Medicare ""only has about 50 percent of it paid for by either premiums or payroll taxes, and the rest is deficit spending ... or debt spending."""
For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it.
From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent.  we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year.
Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... its fair to say the science is in dispute.
"Says scientists are ""in dispute"" over whether being gay is a choice."
I don't think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors.
Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
"Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has ""the lowest threshold in the nation."""
Ben Franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain: death and taxes. I think even he didn't envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death.
"Says Wendys founder ""Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax."""
Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
"The State Department says the 42,000 jobs created by the Keystone XL pipeline are ""ongoing, enduring jobs."""
"Compact fluorescent light bulbs are ""toxic"" and ""not environmentally friendly."""
The new light bulbs will cost roughly six times the cost of the light bulbs we now use.
The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
"The Islamic State is so small it ""couldn't fill a DoubleAballpark in Charleston, W. Va."""
Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
"Says Tennessees higher education funding model ""is 100 percent outcomes-based"" and ""we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business."""
In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working.
Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country.
Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia.
"Children who witness domestic violence are ""twice as likely to commit it themselves."""
"Says that ""unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating."""
I've been here almost every day.
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
We're worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage.
If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it.
At Texas A&M University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats.
"The largest number of gamblers are ""from the poorest segments of the population."""
"Pam Bondi ""refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban."""
Suntrust Bank cancels account because company sells guns.
"A New York imam wants to""have a mosque at Ground Zero.''"
If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
A DWI costs $17,000.
"Says she is ""entering in the most diverse class ever,"" of U.S. Representatives"
Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
"Says Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to ""raise his own pay"" eight times"
Says U.S. Rep. Charles Bass wants to privatize Social Security.
"Says Rep. Charles Bass ""supports privatizing Social Security, risking trillions more on Wall Street."""
Says Charlie Bass forfeits right to equal cost for TV ads under FCC rules
The city of Pembroke Pines doesn't have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
"Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen ""knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it."""
"Wisconsin's new state budget includes ""a 15 percent increase for road construction and yet weve got local towns tearing up"" paved roads and replacing them with gravel."
After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding.
The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.
Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
"Paul Ryans budget ""keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits."""
"The tax-cut deal ""adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act"" and about the same as health care reform."
"Republicans ""created a trillion dollar prescription drug entitlement program without paying for it."""
"The health care reform law ""reduces the deficit by nearly $1.2 trillion over the next two decades."""
(Rep. Bob Goodlatte's) balanced budgetamendment does not require a balanced budget.
"President Barack Obamas policies ""have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today."""
If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
"The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military ""is not just a woman's issue. More than half of the victims are men."""
"One in five women in the military ""are receiving unwanted sexual contact,"" as are ""3.3 percent of men."""
Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check.
John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare.
"Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for ""what it should look like for 50 years."""
"Homosexual behavior ""cuts your lifeby about 20 years."""
You're supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury from a broken CFL light bulb gets on them.
"Those who fail to buy health insurance under ""Obamacare"" face the threat of jail time."
Georgia's high school graduation rate topped 80 percent in 2010.
Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
"Says when Rhode Island Lottery was proposed, ""state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education."""
Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
"In ""the past 10 years, our (Austin) water rates have increased by 100 percent and we now have the highest water cost of the top 10 cities in Texas."""
"Says Lee Leffingwell ""raised property taxes 20 percent in three years."""
"Says unemployment in Ohio ""is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and its always been that way."""
500 percent more traffic here?
"Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal ""his worst nightmare."""
"The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change ""has been pretty well debunked."""
Theres nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control.
Says some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets.
"The U.S. has ""5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population."""
"President Obama budget request for veterans is""more than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third."""
Ronald Reagan raised the national debt 18 times.
We did not even have a federal income tax in this country until 1913.
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009.
"In 1968 ""the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average workers pay. Today that multiple is about 350."""
"The poorest counties in the U.S. are in Appalachia and ""happen to be more than 90 percent white."""
"The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing ""the top off the price of oil."""
Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol.
"Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night ""to minimize terrorist casualties."""
You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
"Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, ""you can sue if you are unemployed and don't get the job and think you weren't hired because you are unemployed."""
Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'
Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
"Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they ""will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare."""
Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal.
When you read the Koran, it talks about don't take Christians and Jews as your friends.
"Says U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson ""voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time."""
"The Obama administration is ""cutting back on defense"""
"As a senator, Hillary Clinton ""actually paid female staffers a lot less than men."""
In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent.
"In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, ""nobody got upset."""
In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health.
"Under President Barack Obama, ""8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago."""
"Under the ""Cash for Clunkers"" program, ""all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500."""
"President Barack Obama has ""weakened the respect for America abroad."""
(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
"Says that President Obama said in 2008 that his proposed greenhouse gas regulations ""will bankrupt"" anyone who wants to build a new coal-fired power plant."
Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country.
"A federal system that verifies employees are authorized to work in the U.S. is inaccurate ""anywhere from 50 percent all the way up to in excess of 80"" percent of the time."
You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
"Because of Jim Whelan, ""the 1990s are the only decade since the 1920s when the population of Atlantic City actually went up."""
In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board  Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom.
About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese.
"Rhode Island's graduated driving license ""has saved hundreds of lives."""
In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
"Wisconsins lawsuit rules are so anti-business that the states system is ""one of the most promiscuous"" in America."
"The ""highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent."""
"Says ""the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent."""
"Says ""millions of dollars in tax breaks"" were paid for ""by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs' help."""
"Under the Endangered Species Act, ""only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted."""
"Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are ""going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions."""
"Canada ""does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."""
In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half.
"Louisiana gets ""not one single penny"" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues."
"Crimea was part of Russia ""until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine."""
Thousands of Westerners and Americans are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.
It's expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
"In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was ""collecting information to protect America"" because it was ""unseemly,"" but that move led to ""millions and millions"" of deaths in World War II."
"The IRS scandal ""clearly showed some criminal behavior."""
"Says Rep. Justin Amash ""votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans."""
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
"Says ""our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. We're over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government."""
"Louisianas film incentives program is so big ""they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled Dont Mess With Texas in New Orleans!"""
"The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ""passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses, no matter what the reason, at any time it wishes."""
"Says ""A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S."""
"John McCain and George Bush have ""absolutely no plan for universal health care."""
"John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend ""a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."""
"McCain and Bush are millionaires who are ""for tax cuts for millionaires."""
Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions.
"Shirley Sherrod ""was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this."""
"The Obama administration ""went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk."""
We've caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
"People in the top tax bracket, ""these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners."""
Rhode Island has the highest percentage of lawyers per capita in the country.
People who wash cars at home will use approximately 80 percent more water than they do in a car wash.
The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.
The people of Rhode Island don't want same-sex marriage.
There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, If you give us more money we don't know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents. 
These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.
"Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures ""hit the bottom."""
People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it.
"Says Republican candidates in Oregon are ""advocating violence"" against gays."
"According to crime statistics, ""riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years."""
Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
Says the California flag was supposed to be apear, not a bear.
"Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, ""was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."""
Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
"A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods ""good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option"""
"A Republican budget proposal ""would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country."""
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""slashed"" pensions and benefits for public employees."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker has dropped Wisconsin ""to 45th in the nation in job growth prospects while campaigning for president out of state."""
"Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have ""always been made in Wisconsin,""but Scott Walker ""is outsourcing them""to an out-of-state company and ""paying more money for them."""
Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website.
Says opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers agenda.
"The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties ""is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide."""
"Beaverton ""enjoys the most diverse population (by percentage of population) among Oregon cities."""
Last year, Beaverton School District had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in Oregon.
"As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut ""millions of dollars for firefighting equipment,"" including firefighters' ""coats, pants, helmets and boots."""
"Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin ""don't have to pay any taxes"" on their income for two years."
"Access for 12,000 women to use Planned Parenthood -- ""not for the right to choose,"" but for ""basic health care"" -- was ""taken away"" by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch."
Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock.
I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not.
"In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage ""have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."""
I'm pro-life. He's not.
"Congress' decision to ""spend less around the world"" on embassy security contributed to ""tragedies"" like Benghazi."
"Says Marshawn Lynch is ""second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis."""
"Compared to President Obama,""President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians."""
There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.
"Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are ""legal refugees"" could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools."
Georgias share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013.
Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing.
"Offshore wind power is ""significantly less expensive than solar energy."""
Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
"North Korea has a ""substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world."""
New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
"In the 1950s and 1960s, ""the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty."""
Even Roger Williams National Memorial in my home state of Rhode Island attracted nearly 51,000 visitors in 2011, with non local visitors adding more than $3.2 million to the local economy.
"In Rhode Island, ""only 5 percent of ozone pollution is from local or in-state sources. . . Ninety-five percent comes from outside of our borders, particularly the Midwest."""
"The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was ""fully paid for."""
"ISISsends out ""90,000 social (media)messages a day."""
For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important.
"Says PETA ""is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries."""
In the early 1980s, Sen. Edward Kennedy secretly offered to help Soviet leaders counter the Reagan administrations position on nuclear disarmament.
There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled.
Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
"Says Roy Blunt ""secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris"" into a national security bill while ""Blunt's girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000."""
"The Democrats have over  20 field agents to our zero."""
Proximity to high-voltage power lines lowers property values by as much as 30 percent.
For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services.
"The Postal Services financial losses result from ""a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts."""
The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.
Says the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year.
"Barack Obama is ""only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote."""
"Says a poll shows that ""without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind"" Gov. John Kasich."
Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
"Says Mitt Romney supports a plan ""to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security."""
"Says that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District ""youd find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls."""
The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states.
Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasichs Budget Committee.
Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent.
"Says Ron Johnson ""opposes entirely a federal minimum wage,"" except perhaps for ""guest workers."""
"Says Ron Johnson ""likes to say there are too many lawyers in the Senate  57. Hed be the 70th millionaire."""
"Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson ""is opposed to all government-assisted student loans."""
The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations.
According to independent analysis, unfair trade deals have resulted in the loss of over 64,000 jobs in Wisconsin ... But Ron Johnson favors those deals.
Says Ron Johnsons company got government loans and a grant to help expand his business
"Ron Johnson is ""willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies."""
I've been outspent by my opponents every time I've run for U.S. Senate.
SaysDemocratic candidate for state school superintendent Alisha Thomas Morgan voted to slash funding for the preschool programs for disabled and special needs students.
"Says Washington state has ""consistently ranked in the top five in the Forbes list of best states to do business  ahead of Texas."""
The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.
There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential.
"The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board ""can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general."""
"Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ""provides zero state funding for homeless shelters."""
"The United States has ""more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined."""
"Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in  work-related fatalities to ""increasing numbers of employees and drivers  could not read or understand warning signs in English."""
At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
"Barry Smitherman ""doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office."""
"Dan Branch ""once lobbied for the AFL-CIO."""
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
It has been many years, if ever, since an inmate has completed his or her high school diploma while incarcerated in a state correctional facility for adults.
"Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who  has ""represented the entire state of Georgia."""
Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasn't done in this case.
Property taxes have increased 20 percent under four years of Chris Christie.
Says Houstons 18th  congressional district has been gentrified and is home to more Anglos  than African Americans.
The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasnt even been to a NASCAR race.
"According to (Barack) Obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government, which is ""then used as justification for gun confiscation."""
"Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, ""What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting"""
Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nation's leader in that area.
"Says Holly Turner ""failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries."""
Holly Turner... still takes her homestead (property tax) exemption in Fort Worth.
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
Says Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
Switzerland and the Netherlands . . .  cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
"Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget ""roadmap  doesn't balance the budget until the 2060s and  adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then."""
The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.
"If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, we'd have 300 more officers in our department."""
Two-thirds of the people who start out in minimum wage are above the minimum wage within a year.
"A proposed revenue smart cap ""gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment."""
Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obamas political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the states total medical spending.
Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008, showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground.
Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
Says John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War.
The (Ohio) economy is on the mend.  It is in better shape than it was when we took office.
Vern Buchanan. His old business was caught illegally funneling over $60,000 in campaign donations to Buchanan to influence his election.
"Says David Jollys former firm lobbied ""for hundreds of millions (of dollars) for a dictator in Pakistan."""
"Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now ""hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers."""
Rigell's car dealership made over $400,000 off the Cash for Clunkers bailout.
"Tom Ganley has ""two F's from the Better Business Bureau"" and ""over 160 complaints in just three years."""
"Says Republican Reid Ribble says stimulus bill failed to jumpstart the economy, but his ""roofing company made almost $300,000 off stimulus funded projects."""
Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
Says Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires.
U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
Rep. Jim Renaccis plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
"In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, ""Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog."""
Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
"Says Jim Renacci ""opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops."""
"Says Republican U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy ""voted against paying our soldiers"" and ""against increasing combat pay"" while voting ""to protect his own pay."""
Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
"Says Rep. Jim Renacci was ""trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut."""
Credit agency says Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates.
Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors.
"Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland ""voted himself health care for life."""
Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlais's (TN-04) Republican Majority.
Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Sean Duffys Republican Majority.
Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renaccis Republican majority.
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais ""is spending his one year anniversary on vacation -- only working 6 days in all of January."""
"Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs ""is spending his one year anniversary on vacation  only working 6 days in all of January."""
Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare.
Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
Sean Duffy backed plan to privatize Social Security.
By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does.
"Says ""One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy."""
The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization.
Says Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law.
By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
"Says ""right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined."""
"Says the Republican Party platform says ""pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold"" while the Democratic Party platform says ""we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform."""
The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
"Says New Jerseys prison system is ""61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black."""
"Says America spends ""over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12."""
We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day by gunfire in America.
"Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek ""froze all those monies during the toughest years in 08-09"" and ""refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract."""
"Says ""if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that you've been arrested before an average of 10 times."""
Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
Says for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime
"Newark is ""now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development."""
"Says 2012 was the ""first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority."""
"Says under President Barack Obama theres been ""the lowest discretionary spending weve had in decades in the United States."""
"Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek ""took us into arbitration."""
We've seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points.
The ACLU didn't call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
"The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is ""just up the hill"" from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior."
Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate the governors mansion.
"Says he ""helped bring"" Uline company to Kenosha area, ""creating 800 local jobs."""
"Says indoor workers get ""less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas."""
"Says that, unlike the U.S. Senate, ""even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011"""
"The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014, including ""each individuals Body Mass Index."""
Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes.
"Joe Biden ""voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."""
"Russia ""has an economy the size of Italy."""
South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry.
"Under sequestration, the military was cut ""down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915."""
"Top U.S. intelligence officials have told""every member of Congress, including the president, were about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq."""
People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. It's called 'drop and leave.
The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror.
If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldn't even begin to balance the budget.
The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
"The USAFreedom Act undercuts privacy because""the phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government."""
The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge.
House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
"Barack Obama and the Democrats have ""proposed a tax for not having health insurance."""
Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day.
The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!
"Since President Obama took office, ""2 million jobs. Gone."""
Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon.
If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term.
The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it.
"Despite President Barack Obama's promise to cut healthcare costs, ""the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300."""
In Pennsylvania, President Barack Obamas policies have increased unemployment 19 percent, led to the loss of 37,900 manufacturing jobs, and left 189,000 more people in poverty.
"Under the new and little known 'global justice' initiative, the Obama administration has ordered FBI agents to ""read Miranda Rights to high-value terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield."""
"Judge Sotomayor has said ""that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."""
Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more.
"Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have ""new solutions"" to the energy crisis."
Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending.
"Barack Obama supported keeping troops in Iraq, but now he wants a ""precipitous withdrawal"" regardless of ""conditions on the ground"" or ""consequences of a defeat for the United States,"" an RNC radio ad."
"Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a ""precipitous withdrawal"" regardless of ""conditions on the ground"" or ""consequences of a defeat for the United States,"" an RNC radio ad."
"DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""denied unemployment went up under Obama."""
Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power.
"Obama ""voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."""
"Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax ""hurts the middle class."""
"Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax ""holiday."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""voted to cut off Floridas veterans and their benefits."""
2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama.
"The Obama administration offered ""$900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza."""
Did Obama know that Tony Rezko was saving him $300,000 on the purchase of his home?
Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion.
Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to.
"RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: ""Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."""
"A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is ""the most generous in the nation."""
I created the school choice program.
David Perdue led efforts to ship thousands of jobs overseas.
SaysDavid Perdue made tens of millions of dollars piling a firm with billions in debt.
[Georgia] Republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits.
More than half of all drivers' licences issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
"Says Julie Parrish ""voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools."""
Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
"Says proposed teacher contract ""would layer on more restrictive rules."""
"Says ""PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years."""
Say Portland Public Schools' central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year
"The Employment Non-Discrimination Act ""discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom."""
"Online voter registration is a ""more secure"" way of doing voter registration."
"A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline ""are worse"" for the environment."
Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
"Millennials are ""more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans."""
We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses.
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
"The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and ""the average worker is making what they were making in 1996."""
"Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush ""when he asked to extend unemployment insurance."""
When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
"Obama's plan for health care reform ""ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays."""
"Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked ""47th in job creation."""
Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.
"The GOP's ""Pledge to America"" includes ""a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget."""
We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015.
Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district.
"Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are ""front groups for foreign-controlled companies."""
"Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOP's goal is to ""go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy."""
Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined.
Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person.
For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in.
"Says ""TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages."""
There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers.
Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans  Obamas strongest supporters  have lost their jobs.
There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
"Says he ""had to impose tougher cost controls on state employees than"" any previous Wisconsin governor."
Its illegal for a state to say were simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. Theres a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining.
About 1 in 10 public school teachers in Wisconsin would have been laid off without federal stimulus funds.
Wisconsins projected state budget shortfall is now as low as $1.5 billion
"Says ""Oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters."""
Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
"Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program ""could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit."""
"Says ""Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely."""
"Says ""between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car."""
"Says ""Having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited."""
"Mike ""Martinez has voted to raise taxes and utility rates while ending free bus service for seniors."""
"57% of the jobs created in Austin ""from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage."""
"Austin has ""gone from being the 24th most congested city just about 10 years ago to being the fourth most congested  more congested than NYC."""
The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And that's not right. We can do better.
I was never against same-sex marriage.
"The House of Delegates budget bill ""cuts $50 million from education."""
"Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's ""lawn is overgrown"" or if a dog is ""barking too loudly."""
"The state has ""less employees this year than we did last year."""
Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions
Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
"Rick Scott has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."""
"Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed ""fraud."""
In my attorney general's office, we've cut the budget 18 percent.
Florida's cost for the Medicaid expansion will be $1.6 billion a year or  more.
Rick Scott's company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating.
"Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is ""bipartisan."""
The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment.
There's no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.
"Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a ""career politician."""
Fifteen years ago, you couldn't even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood.
"Says Lamar Smith ""sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare."""
Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
For anybody who's trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
The fact is that red light cameras change driver behavior and cut down on the most dangerous types of accidents.
Since Mr. Foster's been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg.
Unfortunately, since Mr. Foster's been mayor ... there are less people employed in the city of St. Petersburg than there were prior to his taking office.
Oregon and the federal government now have more than one million acres of burnt land and millions of trees are being left to rot.
The president promised to close the space gap, but he now seems intent on repeating the events that created the space gap in the first place -- putting in place a new rocket design and then trying to underfund the effort...
Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan.
Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters  nearly 6.6 million  than any other GOP state organization in the nation.
President Obama and Democrats' spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our country's AAA credit rating.
The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
There were more people at the Air and Space Museum than at a rally against the health care bills.
"The United States has ""the most number of deductions available to corporations"" for the corporate income tax."
"While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said ""he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace"" but belonged ""at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies."""
Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports the state's new immigration law.
We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
"Late changes to the Arizona immigration law ""lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."""
The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules.
Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded.
Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!
"Del. Ben Chafin ""took money away"" from Southwest Virginia schools while votingto build a ""politician's palace."""
"A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that ""untrained individuals"" would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit."
The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
Says Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
"A monthly ""police and fire protection fee"" on all Wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire."
We know there are more Democrats in Georgia than Republicans. We know that for a fact.
"Says Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state ""that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions."""
"The 2011-13 state budget ""cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion"""
Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""raises the pay of inmates, but we don't raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions."""
The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback.
80 to 85 percent of my campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the City of Providence.
25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens.
"Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements ""and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date."""
Clayton County has employed 1,300 people over the past seven months through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program.
"Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the ""death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown."""
"Proposed tax changes are a ""handout"" to BP."
"President Obama plans to ""impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries."""
"The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ""is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees."""
"AIG ""said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated."""
Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors.
I've taken on the federal government and won.
Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida.
If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent.
Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.
Says under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan.
"Says ""Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013."""
Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
"The streetcar project proposed for downtown Milwaukee ""would actually take precious revenue away"" from the Milwaukee Public Schools."
"Says in the governors proposed budget ""the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget."""
"Says ""the governor is going around the state talking about [how] we should fund an income tax cut"" that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners"
"Says there have been ""well over"" 54 million abortions since 1973."
"Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy ""have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act."""
Federal regulations required the changes to Georgia's drivers license renewal process.
"The Georgia Senate ethics resolution ""doesn't define cap."""
There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
The Georgia Legislatures last day of session ends at midnight.
Oregons per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state thats actually getting poorer.
Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
Site selectors who decide where businesses expand or relocate shun closed shop states like Wisconsin in favor of Right to Work states like Iowa, Indiana and Michigan.
"Says four Democratic state senators voted to ""raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care."""
Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
"Wisconsins laws ""ranked the worst in the world for mining investment."""
"Protesters ""attacked"" the groups headquarters with ""graffiti on the sidewalk"" and ""stenciled images  smeared on the building and statue."""
"Says ""Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!"""
"Sherrod Brown ""has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time."""
Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And they'll cost less thanks to John Kasich's tax cut.
President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion.
Sherrod Brown and his special interest allies in Washington are plotting to spend over $13 million to defeat Josh Mandel.
"President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by ""creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments."""
"Says Ohio's Issue 2 will create a redistricting commission that will ""have a blank check to spend our money."""
"Says Maryellen OShaughnessy ""accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora."""
Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
Abortions account for 94 percent of the services provided for pregnant women by Planned Parenthood.
Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
"SaidPresident Barack Obama ""said he was going to stop (signature strikes)."""
The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. Thats because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system.
Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.
My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars.
"The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, ""many of whom are our enemies."""
"Kendrick Meek was ""#1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for children's health care."""
We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs.
If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today.
Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
"Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal cuts ""nothing"" from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and ""in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt."""
Whales live as long at SeaWorld as they do in the wild.
A planning group said that to meet anticipated traffic demands by 2035, Interstate 35 between Austin and Round Rock will need a dozen additional lanes going north and 14 additional southbound lanes.
"Says Larry Taylor gave ""in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."""
"Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakes""money out of our classrooms to pave roads."""
"Gov. McDonnell's proposed budget ""is cutting"" public education."
"Says Eric Cantor ""was the co-author of the House GOP principles on immigration reform. Both the 'New York Times' and the 'Washington Post'said that thatcaptured the essence of what was in the Senate immigration bill."""
"Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has an""immigrant family background."""
"Obamacare is ""costing 2 million jobs."""
"This Congress""adjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election."""
"Americans ""invented the automobile."""
"After the attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi,Libya,""the ambassador's body was dragged through the street."""
"The Massachusetts health care plan is ""wildly unpopular"" among state residents."
"U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were ""touring the country last year  joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform."""
After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts.
When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100  and Im not sure this number is right, but my mind says its about 180 gay marriages.
Says bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags.
"The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority ""concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion."""
Says 11 percent of the nations fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
"Federal money for Medicaid expansion ""is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away."""
Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldnt add up to enough needed to pay down our nations debt.
"Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is ""the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this."""
"Says Alex Sink supported ""more taxes on water and TV."""
"Says  ""With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project."""
The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases.
"Says ""Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time."""
"Obamacare includes a ""$700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors."""
300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports.
"Says Alex Sink ""even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies."""
"Alex Sink ""used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas."""
"Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow ""left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants."""
"Since President Obama took full control of Washington, every day, 13,000 more people ""have been put on food stamps."""
"U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in ""dirty"" campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)"
"Rep. Carol Shea-Porter ""votes with Nancy Pelosis Democrats 95 percent of the time,"" but Frank Guinta ""will take on both parties"" and has ""independent New Hampshire values."""
"Says ""John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time."""
Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
"Ann Kuster turned ""a blind eye to those in need of funding"" by voting ""against funding for our nations veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health."""
Congressman Patrick Murphy voted to keep the scandal-ridden IRS in charge of enforcing Obamacare.
"U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan ""puts the IRS in charge of your health care."""
"Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, ""the highest gas price increase since Carter."""
Since President Obama took full control of Washington  every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
"Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing ""welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores."""
"U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., ""and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out"""
"Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz ""demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts."""
Gerry Connolly and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
"Says that ""93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi."""
700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
"In 2010, Betty Sutton ""voted to destroy Medicare."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Ron Kinds ""stimulus cost taxpayers $278,000 per job."""
Says a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job.
"U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats ""went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."""
As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution.
"Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a ""Canadian-style government takeover of health care."""
"Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey ""was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat."""
Minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under Obamacare.
"Says ""Kurt Schrader supports Obamas sequester  but wont cut $1.6 million to fund new video games."""
"Says Illinois Democrat David Gill ""would end Medicare."""
"Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are ""willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare"" to pay for a ""big-government healthcare takeover."""
"Says that Rep. Betty Sutton ""would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families."""
Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company
"Says that PolitiFact Ohio confirms that Betty Sutton ""maxed out federal debt"""
"Says Steve Kagen ""promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost."""
Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
If you want to see the jobs that I've saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.
"Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from ""Big Oil."""
"On (Rob Portman's) watch as Bush's trade czar, our deficit with China exploded and ""as Bush's budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."""
As President George W. Bushs trade representative, Portman failed to address Chinas currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
"Rob Portmans ""plan to tax, slash and privatize"" Social Security ""would devastate Ohioans."""
"Rob Portman is ""the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China."""
The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
"According to David Cay Johnston, ""the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans  pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes."""
My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us.
"Only ""four countries in the world allow abortions after 20 weeks"" of pregnancy."
Says state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
"A loophole ""still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit."""
Secular Americans are the fastest-growing religious identification demographic in this country.
Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
"Wisconsin was the ""first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation."""
"As a result of climate change, ice fishermen in Wisconsin ""are already noticing fewer days they can be out on our ice covered lakes."""
Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote.
In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.
"Wisconsin is ""dead last in the Midwest for job creation."""
Twenty-five percent of people in the country have said they changed their email and phone habits because of the collection of data allowed by the Patriot Act.
"Under the ""cromnibus"" law, taxpayers must guarantee ""incredibly risky"" derivatives deals made by the nation's largest banks."
Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security.
Says salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is ""manufactured"" and a ""bogus figure."""
There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
"Adding ethanol to gas ""raises food costs."""
Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
"Says Austin is the ""largest city in America without a congressional district anchored in it."""
More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid.
Nearly 45 percent of the women who receive health screenings through (the Womens Health Program) do so at a Planned Parenthood health center.
"New school testing standards ""will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students."""
The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
It's the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasn't a court order.
"About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida ""can buy a health care plan for $30 a month"" on the federal health care exchange."
Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit.
"The Legislature needs to spend $500 million to ""shore up"" the pension fund this year and the next 28 years to keep it ""afloat."""
Lets say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. Theyre worth more than Iowas, New Hampshires and almost South Carolinas combined.
"Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida ""because they are more free here than they are in some other states."""
"Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are ""single, childless adults."""
One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there.
"Florida has ""the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country."""
"There is no $30 million pot of money for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. ""Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that."""
Says he cant release his internal affairs record because there are Attorney General guidelines in place protecting it.
"Annual precipitation ""has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century."""
We have the third-lowest minimum wage  of developed countries.
The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
"Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force ""does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members."""
"Providence has ""the lowest crime rate in three decades."""
According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now we've had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
I think with the exception of the last year or maybe the last two years, we were at 100 percent when it came to contributing to the Providence pension fund.
"Says ""John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns."""
She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didn't receive classified documents.
More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
"Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to ""expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines."
The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue.
Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because there's been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
"Brendan Doherty wants ""to repeal Obamacare, increasing drug prices for seniors."""
The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the city's finances.
"Women ""earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position."""
Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves.
There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.
We will spend $100 billion in Afghanistan this year, fixing roads, building bridges, training police officers, and more, [and] cutting the same things in our own country.
(Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations.
"He has ""ushered in $3 billion in new investment."""
"The WIC program ""is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet."""
"Providence's port is ""200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port."""
Our numbers are going up at the airport.
Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinsons
"Sewer backups into basements caused the ""vast majority of the damage to homes and buildings"" in Milwaukees July floods, but federal flood insurance doesnt cover them."
"Toothpaste contains ""the poison substance of fluoride."""
The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
Georgia is nearly 50 percent Democratic and (the Republican majority) diminished our voting strength to 32 percent through gerrymandered maps.
The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar.
"Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto ""out-of-state, unregulated private companies."""
"Kathryn Starkey ""only attended half of those meetings."""
"Kathryn Starkey ""aided and abetted the continued taxation on residents properties over 70 percent of the time by seconding motions and voting to keep the millage rate the same."""
"Kathryn Starkey ""joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike."""
"Says he has supported ""George Bush more than I have Barack Obama."""
"Says he ""fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."""
Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
"Multnomah Countys food action plan ""clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice."""
One in every five families in the state of New Jersey has a loved one with a mental illness, a serious mental illness, and today, we dont care.
And by the way, when I was governor, I did make the payment into the pension fund.
Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
"A referendum ""gives the people the chance to decide"" on cutting the Milwaukee County Board budget by two-thirds"
"In 2009, ""the state Legislature passed more than $5 billion in tax increases."""
Global surface temperatures have been flat for 16 years.
"Says state Sen. Sheila Harsdorf wants to ""eliminate Medicare"" as we know it."
"Jeff Weems' ""legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man."""
"The non-profit groupFeeding America is lying when it claims""that one in five kids is fighting starvation daily"" in the United States."
The economic impact of Atlanta's 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.
"Health proposal would create a ""40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."""
Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
"Health insurance companies deny ""1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors."""
Were at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ...this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States.
Were No. 1 in child hunger.
Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
"Mitt Romney ""left Massachusetts $1 billion in debt."""
Horse racing could boost Georgia's economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
Turkey is an Arab country.
In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.
Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
"With only 67 bills or so passed into law, ""2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record."""
"Texas is ""the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide."""
43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law.
We've seen more anti-women's choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than we've seen in the last three General Assemblies.
"Says Republican-approved changes to ""make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six."""
Kasichs budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
"Says ""legislation pending in the House would effectively limit or eliminate time-and-a-half for people who work overtime."""
Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
Across the United States, 25 percent of voting age African Americans do not have the photo ID that this bill would require.
We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools.
"Dem-controlled Ohio House voted ""to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution"" ... to ""take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries."""
Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before 'The Wizard of Oz' hit the movie theaters.
Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage.
"Says President Barack Obamas approval rating ""gained 3 points in the last couple months."""
"Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and ""we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs."""
Jane Norton supported the largest tax hike in Colorado history.
"The ""state bureaucracy"" Jane Norton managed ""grew by $43 million in just three years."""
Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate thats going to come close to achieving that.
Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees.
Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.
New Mexico is the second Hollywood because of tax incentives for the film industry.
Right now, Im polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
We're bankrupt.
"Says no Austin City Council ""member lives south of"" Lady Bird Lake ""or north of 45th Street."""
"Says he ""often"" appeared on The OReilly Factorand ""often was praised"" byBillO'Reilly."
Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules.
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
"Kilmartin has helped pass laws to ""create a witness protection program."""
"Secure Communities ""has a proven track record of enhancing public safety by focusing on violent offenders and those that pose a threat to our communities and our national security."""
"For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, ""we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line."""
When the mayor of Providence's brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didn't have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook.
Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
"The new Arizona immigration law ""says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."""
"Says Sen. Thad Cochran ""voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina."""
President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office.
Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented)immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.
The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. It's Jose, Camilo and Maria.
The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit.
Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
"The streetcar project planned by Mayor Tom Barrett would be a ""1900s style trolley."""
"Wisconsin ""was literally broke"" when Republicans took office in January 2011."
Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraq's electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.
"Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama ""has sealed off Israel in the past."""
"An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be ""the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum."""
The Texas Capitol faces South toward Goliad, in memory of the most horrific battle of the Texas Revolution.
"More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week ""than are born in Texas each week."""
"Says the state of Texas rates as ""unacceptable"" almost 500 of the state's 8,000 public schools."
We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year.
David Dewhurst currently owes more than $1 million to vendors for services provided to his 2012 U.S. Senate campaign.
Says 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools.
Says 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools.
"Leticia Van de Putte ""opposed putting National Guard troops on the border, would send millions to Central American governments instead and wrote the law giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."""
"PolitiFact Texas gave a David Dewhurst TV ad ""a Pants-on-Fire rating as an outrageous lie."""
"Leticia Van de Putte ""voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony."""
"Says the 2014-15 state budget ""cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs."""
Says Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.
"Leticia Van de Putte ""voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care--not emergency health care but total free health care."""
We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
"Under David Dewhursts leadership, the Texas ""Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants."""
"I am ""the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."""
"Texas this fiscal year will ""have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined."""
As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session.
"Says ""80 percent of the health care dollars are spent by 20 percent of the population."""
50 percentof murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
The Civil War wasn't about slavery.
Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex.
"Says Julie Parrish is ""one of Sarah Palins mama grizzlies."""
Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
Say Matt Wand cut Troutdale police, created a slush fund for himself.
"As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy ""was raking in $1 million in salary."""
Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending.
"Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up ""more than their share"" because of health care reform"
Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage.
95 percent of job creators say Wisconsin is headed in the right direction.
"Says Carlos Lopez-Cantera ""even voiced enthusiastic support for bringing an Arizona-style immigration law to Florida, calling the measure 'common sense."""
Says Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent.
Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct.
Unemployment among Oregon high school graduates aged 18 to 20 increased more than 200 percent from 2008 to 2011, while the U.S. average increased only 30 percent.
Of the topfive cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida.  We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees.
"Loranne ""Ausley's a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors."""
Medicare costs have slowed down dramatically. In fact, the first two months of this fiscal year, Medicare costs were down even in nominal terms relative to the previous year.
Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent.
"Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of ""stand your ground."""
"Says Paul Ryan ""wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students."""
"In Georgia, ""hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families."""
Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per hour.
"Sen. Harry Reid voted ""against declaring English our national language, twice."""
Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. He's done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now we're at 14 percent. He's done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. He's done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation.
"Harry Reid ""voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders."""
"Harry Reid has voted ""to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally."""
"Harry Reid has voted ""to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens."""
The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt.
John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and can't afford its new science textbooks.
"Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the ""stand your ground""law."
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors salaries.
I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth.
"Says Mitt Romney ""pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators."""
"With the auto rescue, President Barack Obama ""saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America,"" including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin."
"Says that Mitt Romney's response to the crisis in the auto industry was, ""Let Detroit go bankrupt."""
One out of five of our children live in a family thats on food stamps.
America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world.
I belong to the AFL-CIO.
"A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are ""being apprehended at the border."""
If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
"Says he ""came to the Republican Party sooner in age"" than Ronald Reagan."
Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
Says there have been 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade was decided.
Says hes the first Aggie governor of Texas.
The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
We've created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
If you will go look up the definition of 'act of God,' we've used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
"Starting in December 2007, ""1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs."""
Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
Says the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth.
"Says Obama called Medicaid ""broken"" four years ago."
"Says Texas high school ""graduation rates are at an all-time highthe third-highest in the nationwhich represents a significant turnaround from just a few short years ago."""
A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas  while the nation is at about 36 percent.
Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
Says Rick Santorum voted for the Bridge to Nowhere.
Says Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts.
A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America.
"Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he ""pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history."""
"Says Texas has ""the fourth-lowest debt per capita of any state in the nation, and we are the lowest of any of the big states."""
"Says a ""rather extraordinary amount of non-classroom employees"" were added by Texas school districts over the last decade."
In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether its going to be funded in years to come.
"Says he said last year there's ""absolutely no reason"" for Texas to secede."
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead.
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.
At this particular point in time, looking at the field, theres only one individual thats ever had the uniform of his country onand thats me.
"Texas has ""the lowest crime rate in this state since 1968"" because of changes in law regarding nonviolent drug offenders."
"Says three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among ""individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended"" near the states border with Mexico."
"Since 2000, Texas has reduced ""harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average."""
Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state.
Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State.
"Says Wendy Davis, ""born into difficult circumstances,"" was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself."
Says Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery.
"Barack Obama has ""provided guns to Mexican drug cartels."""
"Says that in fiscal year 2010, ""nearly 80 percent of women served"" in the Texas Womens Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic."
Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina.
Says the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants.
When you sanction the Iranian central bank, that will shut down (Iran's) economy.
We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget.
In Texas, we created over 1 million new jobs while the rest of the nation lost over 2 million.
Our president has labeled Americans as soft.
"Coca-Colas CEO ""said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States."""
Says the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
Says he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million.
Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster than Mitt Romney.
"Says the national debt and President Barack Obama's ""refusal to control spending led to our nation's credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history."""
"Says the 2012-13 state budget ""leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund."""
Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas.
"Says neither President Barack Obama nor Mexico President Felipe Calderon ""have been on the border to see what's happening to the citizens of Mexico, and for that matter the citizens of Texas."""
Says the state share of Texas public education spending increased 82 percent over the past decade, reaching $20 billion in 2009.
"Says some in Congress are trying ""to create a separate government for those with a drop of Native Hawaiian blood."""
Since the first of the year, 153 businesses at last count had moved out of California to Texas.
I had five of my citizens that were killed last week because of border security problems.
Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White.
"Because of violence spreading from Mexico, ""youve got bullets hitting the city hall in El Paso. Youve got bombs exploding in El Paso."""
"Since 2000, ""the Texas clean air program achieved a 22 percent reduction in ozone and a 46 percent decrease in NOx emissions."""
Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan.
The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California.
The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.
We've got a 1,000 National Guard troop request that's been in front of this president for over a year and no response.
This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics  complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state  Ethics Commission.
"Texas is the ""fastest growing state"" with the ""most Fortune 500 companies."""
I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nations five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending.
"Says Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ""took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers"" though ""commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost."""
We lowered the business tax from 4 percent down to 1 percent.
"I deployed the Texas National Guard to the Texas-Mexico border. ""And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent."""
Texas high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013.
The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- there's more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia.
"Congress is ""on a five-week vacation."""
Says New York has bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.
"Says 13 Texas universities ""have announced or implemented a $10,000 degree."""
Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
A study says Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney.
"Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Massachusetts' individual mandate ""should be the model for the country"""
I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation.
"Says that ""we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to"" Texas."
We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while Ive been governor.
Romneycare has  killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
"Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security ""back to the states."""
"Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done ""in the private sector, it would be called criminal."""
"Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, ""doesnt even have a ZIP code."""
"Says President Barack Obamas overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used ""to fund abortion all over the world."""
"Says the states rainy day fund is ""our insurance policy against a major natural disaster."""
"Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government ""upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years."""
"Says Washington's reach extends to ""even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use."""
We have more kids take the SAT than any other state in the nation. I mean a high percentage of our kids take the SAT.
"Says in 2003 Texas cut ""$10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services."""
Everyone in this country has access to health care.
We have billions in surplus.
Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasn't mandatory.
We cut property taxes by one-third.
Thomas Paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government.
Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris.
When I came into office, our vaccination rate in Texas was 65 percent. When I left two weeks ago, it was 95 percent.
Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas.
"Says Houston is ""home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world."""
Says Texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from 2002 to 2012.
Says Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt.
"Our ""kids cant openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."""
"Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, ""federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough."""
"Says that under his tax plan, ""no matter where you are in the stratosphere, you're going to be getting a tax cut."""
"Says he ""got lobbied"" by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer."
"Social Security is a ""Ponzi scheme."""
Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
"Scientists are ""questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change.  (It is) more and more being put into question."""
In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road.
Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
"Says the states budget shortfall is ""not that much different"" than it was in 2003."
"Says the first word spoken from the moon was ""Houston."""
Social Security is indeed a Ponzi scheme.
"Says the federal government restricts ""how much salt we can put on our food."""
Says he has a track record of not raising taxes.
"Says Bill White ""didn't pay taxes while earning $133,600 annual salary as deputy secretary of energy."""
"Says Bill White ""profiteered in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita."""
"Says an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."""
"Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to ""create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."""
We had a press conference here that interestingly no one  in the mainstream media covered.
Says the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
Says Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
Says approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.
"The U.S. unemployment rate has ""been massaged, its been doctored."""
"The United States is at ""historic record highs"" of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as ""Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria."""
"More than 3,000 homicides were committed by ""illegal aliens"" over the past six years."
"Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: ""These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations."""
Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country.
"Says he has ""yet to get a response"" from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests."
"Says President Barack Obama ""is a socialist."""
Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all.
The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs.
Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
"Says the state's Medicaid waiver proposal ""has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years."""
Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
We don't get a lot of calls from this White House I have, frankly, never had a call from them.
My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, 'Here's how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.' 
The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
"My ""border security efforts have led to a 60 percent  decrease in border crime."""
Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
"Says a ""lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces."""
"Says ""Every time the Legislature 'suspended' the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the state's revenues."""
Says Nick Kahl made it harder for many families to cover basic health care expenses.
Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
"By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is ""hiding more than he's disclosed"" about his business dealing with the state."
60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
"Says Texas will be ""majority Hispanic in six years."""
"A ""majority of our students are trapped in"" underperforming schools."
A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch.
"Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration ""was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails."""
Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
"Says New Jersey is ""down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak"" and with Gov. Chris Christie ""New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment"" for 12 consecutive months."
"Tim Kaine wants to thwart ""right-to-work reform measures in Midwest battleground states."""
We havent passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.
"A typical married couple ""will contribute $119,000"" into Medicare but will ""receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes."""
We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
"The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill ""out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."""
The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
Obamacare will question your sex life.
"The health care reform bill ""would make it mandatory  absolutely require  that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner."""
Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year.
"Says that even if you have no children, ""under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it."""
Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow-up care
"U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is ""18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high."""
We've seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector.
"For people in the top 1 percent for income, ""your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest its been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money."""
"Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six ""front-line"" workers."
Says if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd.
"Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and ""one of the most obvious differences is they've invested in their schools."""
"Says ""I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics."""
"Says ""at the state level we're spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined."""
A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
"Says ""we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregon's first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline."""
"Says the mayors job ""is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont have, we don't say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to."""
There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people.
I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
"Seth Magaziner ""plans to spend billions more of your money."""
"A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would ""be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country."""
Despite claims that you can 'keep the health care plan you like,' the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan.
Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act.
"The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra ""was a program that was supported by President Bush."""
The group that supported the presidents health care bill the most? Latinos.
We dont have a (military) reserve force if something happens.
Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
"Says 2010 was the ""worst year ever for America's doctors"" reimbursed by Medicare."
For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion.
Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax.
"An amendment to the House health reform bill ""puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."""
"The State of Wisconsin thinks you should have to wash your hands ""at least 28 times to make one peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich."""
"Says Oregon is ""near the top or at the top of the list"" when it comes to capital gains tax"
"David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a ""special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years."""
"David Beckhams proposed soccer stadium at Miamis Port ""threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries."""
"The Export-Import Bank ""doesnt cost taxpayers anything."""
"Says that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam ""has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor."""
Re: (Marco) Rubio's support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
"Charlie Crist's ""personal approval numbers are plummeting."""
[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010.
A telephone company will no longer have to provide landline service to customers if there is an alternative provider, including wireless.
Under Gov. Bob McDonnell, more jobs have been lost than created in Southside and Southwest Virginia.
A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
"Appalachian Power Company is making ""record profits."""
There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
"Kendrick Meek claims he's the only candidate who saidSonia Sotomayor ""will make an excellent Supreme Court justice."""
Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
Jeff Greene can buy anything ... he owns two mansions.
"Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ""ran for Congress as a California Republican."""
Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement.
The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him.
When I become the nominee, the Democratic  nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot.
Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling.
"Florida ""has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."""
The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling.
"Jeff Greene ""is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."""
A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race.
Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
"Marco Rubio says ""Solo Ingles"" (English only)."
Im the only one who's fought against developers draining the Everglades!
Theres a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
Warren Buffett called (Jeff) Greene's scheme 'financial weapons of mass destruction.' 
Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years.
Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
You can't pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level.
"Thomas Jefferson said, ""That government is best which governs the least, because its people discipline themselves."""
"Sen. Jeff Merkley ""voted six times for more debt."""
"Says Bruce Braley took ""tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry"" and gave them ""special favors"" by voting for Obamacare."
"The Tampa Bay Rays' ""prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports."""
"Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to ""dramatic"" score increases on state tests."
"Atlanta Public Schools 2011 CRCT tests were ""given under the strictest security possible."""
"The results of Atlanta Public Schools 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests ""have not been questioned."""
"Georgia Public Service Commission member Stan Wise ""has received about 95 percent of his campaign money from the utilities he is supposed to be regulating."""
"The United States has experienced ""40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher."""
"A Penn State University study found that ""electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes."""
"Greenlight Pinellas ""wont take existing lanes from other vehicles."""
New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
Greece is not a big economy. It's about the size of metropolitan Miami.
"Says ""there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison."""
One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation.
There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
"Large majorities of the public ""oppose major changes to Medicare"" and favor higher taxes on the wealthy."
Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
"Texas leads ""the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance."""
"Says that ""data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels."""
"The Senate-passed health care bill ""is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."""
If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
"Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are ""less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts."""
The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal.
"A proposal to reduce the deficit ""involved large tax cuts for the top bracket."""
"The Bush administration ""pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead."""
"A recent report from the president's deficit commission was ""completely empty"" on controlling health care costs."
"During the 2005 fight over Social Security, ""there were noisy demonstrations  but they were outside the events,"" and opponents were ""not disruptive  crowds booed lines they didnt like, but that was about it."""
"The Baucus health care bill ""could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."""
"Says 25 percent of Austin's public school buildings are ""underutilized."""
Says when Republicans took over the state legislature in 2010, New Hampshires tax rate for employers was 50th in the nation, and unemployment had more than doubled under Democrats.
The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
"Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger was""an active participant in the Ku Klux Klan."""
Theres 400 more people working in health care today in New Hampshire than when we passed the budget.
"If the government shuts down, ""all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available."""
"Says he ""opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare."""
"Claims that Obama said, ""For those who oppose our policies, you should just shut up and go away."""
"The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of our health programs."""
If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
There is already a mosque four blocks away.
We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47.
New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
Georgia and other states with weak gun laws have more crime.
There's a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check  40 percent of guns are sold that way at gun shows and over the Internet.
Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year.
"Africa is spending ""the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world."""
Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs. We set aside 6 percent.
Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010
Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
Mr. Caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector.
"FCAT tests ""account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year."""
The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
"Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the ""connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail."""
My supporters aren't special interest groups in Madison and Milwaukee.
"Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde ""supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail"" and ""billions more to bail out banks."""
"The federal ""limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office."""
Scott Walker supported the same transportation bill hes attacking me for. He said at the time it would save the taxpayers money.
"Says he never voted for a ""tax increase."""
"Obamacare is the ""biggest tax increase in American history."""
"If the U.S. didn't borrow $1.2 trillion every year ""to fund government operations,"" that money would be available ""for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses."""
Victory! Republicans by 2 to 1 vote to endorse Mark Neumann on first ballot at GOP convention.
"Says ""Barack Obama and his team"" are ""socialists in every respect of the word."""
The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece.
They're paying a less rate of tax -- these richest people in America -- than they have in the last 80 years.
"Says ""Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no."""
"Says Congressman Bill Pascrell ""voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act."""
The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare.
"Says in regard to providing ""more tax cuts for the rich,"" Bill Pascrell said, ""Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas."""
The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually.
Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
"John McCain ""said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."""
Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Says the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions.
The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
The IRS doesn't have to prove something against you ... you've got the burden of proof.
1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).
As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards.
The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old.
The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds.
"The U.S. Army had a training program that put ""evangelical Christians, Catholics and Mormons in the same category of religious extremism as we do al-Qaida."""
"Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate ""faulty advice."""
"After Arizona banned smoking in ""all public places"" in 2007, ""admissions for acute myocardial infarction  stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban."""
"If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but ""it didnt show up in your paycheck."""
"Because of Gov. Scott Walkers budgeting, a greater percentage of general fund tax dollars is ""going to pay off debt than ever before in our history."""
"Gov. Scott Walker bought ""80 new, brand-new vehicles"" for the state that ""we probably dont need."""
"Says 21,000 Wisconsin residents got jobs in 2011, but ""18,000 of them"" were in other states."
Says Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one.
In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a 'pro-life' candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice.
"Says Scott Walker ""said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was 'just a cool thing.'"""
If Cory Gardner gets his way, you'd better stock up on condoms.
Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
Says GM used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in China.
Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
"Says Peter Kilmartin has ""only three years experience in his own law practice."""
The infant mortality rate is 15 percent higher in states with right-to-work laws.
She created the Waste, Fraud and Mismanagement Hotline.... (that) has saved Wisconsin taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
"Says ""Sean Duffy was a no-show"" as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail"
Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.
"Says state Senate President Stephen ""Sweeney gave us the nation's highest income tax rates, driving out jobs."""
They're saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
"Decriminalizing marijuana ""will save the state anywhere from $4 (million) to $11 million dollars."""
Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district office in downtown San Francisco.
This race will be the Democrats top target this November.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed became a city resident in the last annexation, opening the door to his candidacy.
"Ninety percent of people living in Gaza ""dont have access even to water."""
"Between June 30 and July 10, CNN interviewed ""17 Israeli public officials versus one""Palestinian official."
If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
From the Do As I Say Not As I Do department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
Says public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
Says the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost.
Says the director of NASA says its main mission is Muslim outreach.
"Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut state's rainy day fund in half, spending ""$4 billion from current $8 billion."""
"Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and ""I created enough"" to vaccinate ""every man, woman and child against smallpox in America."""
Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms.
Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school  no matter where they live or how much money their parents make.
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a ""completely government-controlled"" health care system that goes ""far beyond 'Obamacare'"" and is ""a Medicare system for all."""
"Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde ""refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court."""
"Says that as Wisconsin governor, ""we ended welfare."""
During my tenure as governor, Wisconsins overall tax burden went DOWN.
"Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks ""as the most liberal member of the House."""
Says opponent Tammy Baldwin has had not one positive ad in the campaign for U.S. Senate.
"By eliminating the public intervenors office, ""I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk."""
Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, it's closer to 26 percent.
"Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he ""had nothing to do with"" that provision in the law."
"Says when he was governor, ""most of the Democrats"" voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin ""voted against it."""
"Says ""Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it."""
"Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a ""tax increase that President Obama says"" would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year."
We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
"Says Tammy Baldwin ""voted to gut Medicare for seniors."""
"Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law ""in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals."""
"Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget ""that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget."""
I have voted every year in Wisconsin.
"Says he ""never supported"" federal health care individual mandate."
"Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, ""it's abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia."""
"Says when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the states unemployment rate was ""the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months."""
"Says that as Wisconsin governor he ""never raised taxes."""
"An aide ""acted on his own"" and ""was not representing the Thompson campaign"" when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin."
Federal health care reforms amounted to the government takeover of health care.
"Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin ""has endorsed"" him for U.S. Senate."
Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
The sex-offender registry has been around for a long time, and the research that's out there says that it has no positive impact on the public safety.
"Obamacare ""was the Republican plan in the early '90s."""
"Says the Feingold garage ad ""is a fake: Hes not standing in front of his house."""
"Says ""tenure still exists but it's been overhauled"" for teachers in New Jersey."
"Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie ""promised no school cuts."""
People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want womens health care. Theres issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasnt. Youve seen the actions hes taken on them.
"Says Chris Christie ""vetoed"" a ""jobs package"" of ""30 bills."""
"Says ""my plan is a property tax cut."""
New Jersey's poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen.
Says the average government worker won't be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality.
"Says ""67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce."""
What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, 'good time' bill in the entire United States.
Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
"State ""school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation."""
This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn.
Bryce Reeves chaired a group bankrolled by a New York billionaire who fired hundreds of Virginia workers and sent their jobs to China.
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening.
There haven't been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
"On the last night of the General Assembly, ""by 11 o'clock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didn't have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill."""
"The Pell bridge ""is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge."""
"Says President Barack Obama has launched ""twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim"" than President George W. Bush."
"Capital Metro originally said MetroRail's yearly operating costs would be ""about $2.5 million. Last year ... it cost $13 million to operate."""
Republicans are attempting to remove Barack Obama from Georgias Presidential Ballot in 2012.
The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
"Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by ""a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. That's a fact."""
"Says in 2000, Fox News broke the story of George W. Bushs drunk driving arrest. ""Who broke it? Fox News."""
There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obama's first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq.
Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more.
There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer.
"Says President Obama was wrong ""about Muslims' historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries."""
One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature.
Obama's Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters') lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of 'talk to the hand.'
"Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley ""is an immigrant."""
America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexico's entire population.
"A friends sister ""died from Obamacare"" becauseBlue Shield ""completely just pulled out of California."""
No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.
We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable.
Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf.
"Palin supports ""aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."""
"A national poll found that among people who oppose the Democratic health care reform bill, ""almost 40 percent"" opposed it not because it goes too far, but because ""they dont think it goes far enough. ... They will not be unhappy when we pass health care reform."""
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
"As state treasurer, Alexi Giannoulias ""lost $73 million in our kids college savings."""
At his father's bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed.
Alexi Giannoulias' top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist.
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work won't have any money to spend.
"For the new state budget, ""Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."""
"Virginia ""spends less per student today than we did in 2008."""
The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times.
The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
"Says Scott Brown ""voted to give oil companies big tax breaks."""
New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state.
Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times.
"Says ""Scott Browns carrying some big oil baggage"" because he ""collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions."""
"Says the Koch brothers ""funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them."""
"Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown ""delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes."""
"The ""stand your ground"" lawcaused the shooting death of Trayvon Martin."
"Says Thom Tillis ""gives tax breaks to yacht and jet owners."""
"Says the Koch brothers want to ""protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas."""
Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests.
"Says the states pension and health benefits reform includes ""the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights."""
It's been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
"Karen Handel ""would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort"" Sarah Palin's son Trig, who has Down syndrome."
"Says ""Studies show the average age of entry into prostitution is 12 to 14 years old."""
This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
"After laying off 30,000 people,Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, ""I would have done them all faster."""
An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child.
Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
"Obama has ""visited more countries and met with more world leaders than any president in his first six months in office."""
All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange.
McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
She flunked the D.C. bar exam.
"Palin ""fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."""
"Palin ""inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."""
Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
"The church Barack Obama belongs to has a ""nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."""
Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460.
Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities.
Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
"Obama ""closed offshore tax safe havens."""
"Obama's ""first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory."""
Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet that would require links to opposing opinions.
While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed.
"Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community ""first and foremost."""
"Says President Barack Obama ""added"" $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined."
"Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered ""enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States,"" possibly to combat ""massive civil unrest"" or ""an invasion by a foreign power."""
"Says a Barack Obama ""black imposter"" joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo."
This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone.'BUT  on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!
Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
"A new federal program provides subsidized ""Obama phones"" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month."
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party.
"Muslims ""attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas."""
Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
"Says Barack Obama is the ""first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office."""
"Due to actions by President Barack Obama, ""the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases."""
The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.s International Criminal Court.
More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before.
This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
"If the Trans-Pacific Partnership ""is fast-tracked through the Senate, it won't receive a committee assignment"" and the consideration will include ""no debate."""
"On new dollar coins, ""'In God We Trust' is gone!"""
"The salaries of Wisconsins best-educated public school teachers were ""slashed"" by Gov. Scott Walker through a recent administrative rule change."
A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker is ""openly"" backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions ""by at least a third"" for current and retired public employees"
Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
"After Hurricane Katrina, ""Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his 'buddies' empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare."""
Presidents Hoover, Truman and Eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least 15 million illegal aliens.
"Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, ""all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."""
"On the new dollar coins, ""'In God We Trust' is gone!"""
"The Democrats' health care bills would provide ""free health care for illegal immigrants."""
"The House health care bill provides for ""free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession."""
The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
"An Iowa policy ""provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."""
"A new bill ""was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt."""
"Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, ""Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."""
If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers.
Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales.
"Barack Obama wants to ""restore"" the estate tax that George W. Bush ""repealed."""
John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now.
"Obama ""shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."""
"Barack Obama wants to ""unilaterally disarm our nation."""
E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
"Obama said he would ""stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."""
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
Barack Obama has written and co-sponsored more bills in three years than Hillary Clinton has in seven.
Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent.
While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches.
"Obama ""remains silent"" and ""is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."""
The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
"Obama ""refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."""
"Clinton ""refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."""
The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare won't pay a cent.
"Says Hillary Clinton will receive her ""congressional salary until she dies"" and the Secret Service pays her mortgage."
"New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, ""all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare."""
"Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, ""No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store."""
"The Affordable Care Act says that ""at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment.  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age."""
2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.
"Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a ""confederacy of fools"" for electing Barack Obama."
"Says Barack Obama said that ""ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs"" and that individuals should ""surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign."""
"President Barack Obama ""is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense."""
"Barack Obama is the ""first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect."""
"Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted ""to let the U.N. take OUR guns."""
Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt.
Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
Solar panels drain the suns energy.
Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
"No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. ""These taxes were all passed under  Obamacare."""
"Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, ""all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!"""
"Says Michelle Obama waved ""red communist flags"" on her trip to China."
"Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, ""Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence,"" and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more."
Says President BarackObama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.
"Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries ""FOR LIFE,"" which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to ""$803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical."""
"An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was ""dragged through the streets"" and abused."
"A United Nations working group has ""adopted a proposed agenda"" to enable member nations to ""disarm civilians within their borders."""
U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!
"A ""hidden"" provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices."
"Obamacare ""will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally."""
A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
"Says ""At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment"" under Affordable Care Act."
"Says the word ""Dhimmitude"" is on page 107 of the health care law and means ""Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance."""
"College students ""who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant"" plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care."
"Members of Congress ""specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment"" ... (and) from the healthcare reform."""
"Members of Congress can ""retire with the same pay after only one term"" in office"
Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obamas Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
"Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to ""$120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014."""
"The health care law includes ""a 3.8% sales tax"" on ""all real estate transactions."""
"Says President Barack Obama ""doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year."""
The media wont publish a real photo of Trayvon Martin with tattoos on his face.
"Says ""a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf"" has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, ""All this for a damn flag."""
Says Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinkos to forge President Barack Obamas birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media.
"Says President Barack Obamas finance team is recommending a ""1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution."""
Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border?  Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!
Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obama's past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past.
While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
"Barack Obama is the ""First President to terminate Americas ability to put a man in space."""
"Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to ""provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to 'confuse' the 2012 re-election campaigns."""
The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
"Says that President Obama said, ""Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?"""
Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
"Members of Congress ""receive full pay retirement after serving one term."""
"Next year, ""you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs."""
"Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army ""put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output."""
Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
"Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. ""land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here."""
Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
"The cap-and-trade bill before Congress ""prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator."""
Pres. Obama's finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
"Peter DeFazio ""will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions."""
"Under the new health care law, ""all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax"""
Obama admits he is not a citizen.
When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whetherBarack Obama is eligible to be President.
"Starting in 2011, ""you will be required to pay taxes"" on ""the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."""
In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
"Obama said troops ""whine about bearing the costs"" of going to war."
"A data-storing microchip ""would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."""
Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
"Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, ""was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."""
You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
"The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees ""holiday trees."""
For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment).
All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
"In the health care bill, ""The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None."""
The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.
The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed.
"The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 ""would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents."""
"Obama used $20 million in federal money ""to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA."""
AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!
The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty  oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
"Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag ""to better offer our enemies hope and love."""
The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
"From Obama's book: ""I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race."""
"Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on ""crime and hatred"" and that whites in America are ""ineradicably racist."""
His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama.
Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
"Obama thinks the national anthem should be ""I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."""
According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
"Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a ""covert"" Muslim."
Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world.
"When Obama was sworn into office, ""he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs)."""
An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
"The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities ""at the last minute in midnight phone calls."""
You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
"Says Mike Enzi is ""getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. That's more than any senator of either party."""
President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
"In the Georgia-Russia conflict, ""we flew a brigade of Georgian soldiers"" from Iran to Georgia and ""sent U.S. ships into the Black Sea and provided various kinds of supplies."""
"President Barack Obama's ""initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber"" was to say that ""this was the act of an isolated extremist."""
Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
"Terrorist detainees ""were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment."""
We have four combat-ready brigades out of 40 in the U.S. Army.
At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic.
"On Syria, ""alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off."""
"Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty ""enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states."""
"Says Saddam Hussein ""had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida."""
"Says President Barack Obama said when ""we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved."""
"Says its ""an old wives story"" that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly."
"President Obama ""doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."""
Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys.
"Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits ""are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible."""
This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
"The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, ""students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates."""
Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve.
In Mexico, they don't have birth certificates... they dont have registration cards for voters. They have one national ID.
It was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us, as citizens, from having that First Amendment right.
It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutors) office before he got there.
A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
"Bill Nelsons vote for the Affordable Care Act ""cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs."""
Bill Nelson was the deciding vote on the health care law.
"The health care law could cost up to $2 trillion, ""double what we were promised."""
"The health care law ""imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class."""
"The changes to Georgias tax and fee structure ""is an overall tax cut."""
Governor Deal has increased education spending every year hes been in office.
Half the lottery directors across the country had not run a lottery before they were hired.
Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and they've done it without creating one job.
"Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will ""require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget."""
"The Obama administration ""willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations."""
Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.
"The Obama administration ""leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden."""
"State employees in Wisconsin earn ""about 8 percent less"" than if they worked in the private sector."
Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients.
According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.
January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
"The United States ""decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution."""
There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
"Rhode Island has the ""the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States."""
The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
"In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.Soaring college costs eroded Pell Grant buying power/rhode-island/statements/2011/sep/22/sheldon-whitehouse/sen-whitehouse-says-full-pell-grants-cover-only-34/Sheldon Whitehouse0Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen."""
The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is 'solid evidence the earth is warming,' ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is 'no solid evidence' the earth is warming.
"In a poll, ""53 percent of young Republican voters . . . under age 35 said that they would describe a climate [change] denier as 'ignorant,' 'out of touch' or 'crazy.'"""
Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
"The oceans ""have become 30 percent more acidic."""
For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years.
An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
The richest 400 taxpayers are taxed at a lower rate than a $29,000-a-year worker
Narragansett Bay waters are getting warmer -- 4 degrees Fahrenheit warmer in the winter since the 1960s.
No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month.
[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program.
If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs.
When George Bush took office, President Clinton, a Democrat, and the Democratic Congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus.
"The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates ""beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980."""
In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the president's liberal picks, have struck down the president's executive orders.
"When you compare our state pension system ""to other systems throughout the country, our benefits are not gold-plated. They are not rich. They are actually average or below average."""
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
"After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed ""exponential growth."""
"Tells David Cicilline, ""94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature."""
Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
"Transporting drugs ""is the price of admission"" for people crossing the border illegally."
Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
Defensive medicine costs Georgia up to $14 billion a year.
If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey.
More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.
"Says 77 percent ""of Portland's students finish elementary school without taking even one art class."""
"Says an arts tax would provide ""funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents."""
No one was taken into custody for feeding the homeless.
Things like  having Friday classes have been shown to be very effective on college campuses in reducing drinking.
"Says New Jersey has gained ""143,000 new private-sector jobs."""
In fact, theres more state funding for education today than any other time.
In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administrations projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees.
Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
"Says ""a Republican hasn't won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988."""
We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president.
We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then you're out of the union, but you've got to pay it every year, also required by statute. Thats called a representation fee.
"Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget ""is still below the level of state spending when I took office."""
"Says the New York Giants ""train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey."""
By the way, I'm not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
"Says ""over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003."""
"Says judges ""get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state."""
Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years.
"Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare ""was a relatively small expansion."""
"Says Barbara Buono ""voted to raise her own pay 40 percent."""
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
Were spending less money today, in upcoming fiscal year 2014 than the Corzine-Buono budget spent in fiscal year 2008.
Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999.
Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years.
"Says ""on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later."""
"Says New Jersey is ""50th in return of our federal tax dollars."""
Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
"There has been ""$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years."""
"Says Jon Corzine ""gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, 'I will fight to get you a great contract."""
"Says state Sen. Paul Sarlo ""said in February on NJTV, there will be no tax increases in this budget"" and ""voted the other night in the Senate Budget Committee to raise income taxes $800 million."""
"New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities ""in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey. """
They say teachers only make on averagein New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year.They only work 180 days.
"Says ""out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid."""
The water quality in the ocean is perfect. Its been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.
Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
Theres now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.
Not one tax has been raised since I've been governor.
Jon Corzine, elected governor. Teams up with Barbara Buono. $1.2 billion sales tax increase? Passed. Most spending in state history? Passed. After Buono named budget chair, taxes and fees increase 23 times in just two years. State debt? Up $13.4 billion. Unemployment? Doubled.
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
If anyone should know irresponsible it should be Senator Buono. Shes the one, her budget left us with a $2 billion budget deficit in fiscal 10 that I had to fix. Her mistakes. And for fiscal year 2011 an $11 billion budget deficit. Her mistakes, along with her partner Jon Corzine.
"Said the year before he took office, the state lost 119,000 private-sector jobs, labeling them ""Corzine jobs losses of 2009."""
"Says ""in Katrina, they approved $60 billion within 10 days of the storm on a voice vote."""
"Says in fiscal year 2011, the state had ""a projected $11 billion deficit."""
Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent.
"Says Ronald Reagan ""was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states."""
"Says the United States has ""the worlds greatest health care system."""
"Says ""taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor"" and those increases were part of a ""path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state."""
"Says they said ""it was impossible to balance a budget at the same time, with an $11 billion deficit"" and ""we did it."""
I haven't raised taxes in the time I've been the governor of New Jersey.
"Says ""our 12 month job increase was the sixth highest in the nation."""
Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
"Says private-sector job growth in 2011 ""places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states."""
"Says ""weve accomplished balancing two budgets without raising taxes. Weve now created 60,000 new private-sector jobs. Weve made government smaller."""
"Says ""these Jersey Shore folks, theyre from New York."""
"Says ""New Jersey's unemployment is significantly lower than it was when I got here. And we've created 50,000 new private sector jobs in the last 20 months after having lost 117,000 in the year before I got here."""
"Says his administration balanced ""two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes."""
Since I introduced my budget -- first budget -- in March of 2010, we've created 50,000 new private-sector jobs for the people of this state.
"Says the state budget ""doubled property tax credits for seniors and middle class New Jerseyans"" and had ""no tax increases for any New Jersey family for the second year in a row."""
When the union says I want to eliminate tenure, thats not true.
I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001.
The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund.  As did other Governors before. We simply dont do that, havent done it, and wont permit it.
"Says there are ""fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president."""
(Assembly Democrats) wanted to raise the gas tax by $2.4 billion. We said no to that....Theyre down on the ground. Theyre sweating. Theyre twitching. Its ugly, cause I keep saying no.
(President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan.
"Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and ""we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States."""
"Says ""any attempt to try to compare"" the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is ""completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did."""
"Says President Barack Obama failed ""to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission."""
Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
"Says ""our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore."""
"Says Chris Christie was the ""first governor in America to endorse"" Mitt Romney."
"Says the national health care law puts federal ""bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor."""
What I look at every month is how many more New Jerseyans are back to work. You have another 9,900 last month that are back to work and over almost 90,000 that are back to work now since I became governor.
I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor.
New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think thats good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
"Says New Jerseys tenure law ""has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure."""
"Says New Jerseys job growth in May represents ""25 percent of all the jobs created in the country."""
When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
"Says ""we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years."""
Here's something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America.
Says Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey.
For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate.
The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
"Says ""I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney."""
(Barack Obama) says hes going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion, doesnt say how he's going to do it.
"Says Democratic legislators this year ""don't want to cut your taxes under any circumstances."""
"Says ""kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of Newark this past September, 23 percent of them will graduate in four years."""
"Says Barack Obama had ""huge majorities"" in Congress during his first two years in office and ""did nothing with them to create jobs in America."""
"Says the national heath care reform is ""a government takeover of health care."""
Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlantas largest and fastest-growing parishes.
Ken Buck's (District Attorney's) office? His spending skyrocketed by 40 percent.
Wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification to vote.
The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year.
"Says Gov. Chris Christies proposed budget is ""the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of New Jersey. It is the largest in the nation at this point in time."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Tom Price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the ""small-business killing Internet Tax Mandate."""
In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay.
"California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman ""contributed to, and campaigned, for"" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer."
"As the CEO of eBay, ""Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."""
"Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals in California are ""a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."""
Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air.
"On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was ""a step forward"" for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagan's defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War."
The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops.
The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities.
There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
"David Cicilline is ""the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives."""
"Said he ""opposed every budget Republican and Democrat."""
We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
"Says Ohios economic recovery ""started in February 2010."""
In 2009, the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
Ohios electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average.
"Ohio has ""created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And that's due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio."""
"Says MittRomneys tax plans would ""give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires"" while raising taxes on the middle class."
Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now hes anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now hes [not].
In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states.
"SaysGov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohios economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. ""We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth."""
Kasichs trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China.
About $4.89 billion in one-time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget.
In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget.
Congressman Kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends.
"Most Americans want ""traditional marriage,"" as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act."
The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
Says the oil industry subsidies that President Barack Obama is attacking dont exist
The voting public had no say in the Atlanta regions proposed transportation project list.
Says abortion increases the risk of breast cancer.
"Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent ""75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. That's right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion."""
Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.
"It's ""not true"" that since he's been the president, executions in Iran have increased by four times."
"Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani ""was never sentenced to stoning."""
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit.
New Hampshire is currently the only state in the nation that does not have a full-service veterans hospital or equivalent access.
Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
"People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back ""automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database."""
John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy.
"John Boozman supports ""privatizing Social Security"""
"Democrats have ""lost more than 900 state legislators"" since Barack Obama has been president."
Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
"Forty percent of gross domestic product ""is state, local, or federal money."""
In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, its 1 in 14.
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000.
"In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya,""Ms. Rice did say 'a terrorist attack.' Its not that she put the whole thing on the video."""
"A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact ""essentially bans deer hunting."""
Governors proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again.
"The health care law was ""a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!"""
A national organization says Georgia has one of Americas toughest ethics laws.
Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Bernie Sanders opposesthe Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supportsit.
"Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. ""Henry Ford did."""
Says the case of a Texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double standard in the case against Kentucky clerk Kim Davis.
 'Denali' is the Kenyan word for 'black power.' 
I have returned money every year since taking office.
It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
Georgia has had more bank failures than any other state.
Only 536 Georgians are signed up for Obamacare while 400,000 in the state lost their health insurance.
There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive.
The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
"The war spending bill ""actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war."""
"Says, ""Statistics indicate that one in eight children, and one in 18 adults in Oregon suffers from mental illness."""
"Says ""how much money the government is collecting from people...in terms of the gross domestic product"" is ""the lowest in 40, 50 years."""
New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
Says Congressman Steve Rothman voted against funding for President Barack Obamas auto bailout and would have let automakers go bankrupt.
We haven't had any legislation which took away one gun in the past 20 years from anybody in this country--not one.
As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they dont have health insurance.
53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has not raised taxes."""
Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that.
"Says ""sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldn't pay their health care bills."""
Says Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.
"Portland Public Schools invites ""well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children."""
"Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the ""driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against"" gun freedoms."
In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.
"Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been ""forced to pay for abortions"" if the General Assembly had not recently intervened."
Some neighborhood schools are closing.
"The state of Florida has seen ""double-digit drops"" in alcohol use among teens."
"Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that state's dairy industry, and ""lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland."""
"A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health carereform bill ""is not a special deal for Nebraska."""
"Under Randi Shade, Austin has ""had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city."""
"Says that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the ""highest city debt per person in Texas."""
The CBO now says the president's health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
Most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the U.S. now than they did before Obamas time.
Says the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.
"After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is ""not moving.  Our headquarters will remain in Miami"" and ""(we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes."""
"Western Europeans ""can fly in the United States without even having a visa."""
When people enter the service, theres not a mental health evaluation.
"Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan ""to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives"" is similar to a 1995 plot ""to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean."""
I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.
"More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than what's spent combating ""Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America."""
"President Barack Obama ""said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority"" to act as he did on immigration."
"Says U.S. corporate tax rate is ""highest in the world at 35 percent."""
"Says the federal agency in charge of Medicare and Medicaid will disburse $803 billion in benefits this year, making ""it larger than all but 15 of the world's economies."""
"Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to ""release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities."""
The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement.
Oregon, once again, remains among the top five hungriest states in the nation.
No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons.
One out of every five law enforcement officers that's killed is killed with an assault weapon.
We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use.
The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
"Austins Pease Elementary ""is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution."""
"Rhode Island is ""almost dead last"" among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before theyre eligible for parole."
Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
The minimum wage has risen $2.35 in the last two years. That's 31 percent.
A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
"Says Barack Obama ""said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened."""
The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget.
When the national debt reaches $15 trillion, it means that U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio will reach 99.7 percent of our debt and this is $47,900 for every living American.
The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news.
The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day.
"Georgia ""spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five."""
(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasnt using the proper server.
Hillary Clintons State Department sent three comedians to India on the Make Chai, Not War tour.
Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
Why didn't (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense.
There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians don't want our money.
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly  Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
"The federal government ""can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget."""
"Israel's per capita income ""is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."""
We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So we've taken 5 percent away from the private sector.
There's never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
We borrow a million dollars every minute.
$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on origami condoms.
The president won the youth vote 3 to1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
"There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, ""it provides some disincentive to work."""
"Many uninsured Americans are ""young."""
"Says the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to ""develop a menu for when we colonize Mars."""
"Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he ""now is against earmarks."""
The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
"Says Hillary Clinton ""completely ignored"" ""dozens and dozens of requests for more security"" for the Benghazi consulate."
"Debt doubled under Bush ""and now its tripling under Barack Obamas watch."""
When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. We're looking at $20 billion to $30 billion.
Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors.
"In Tripoli, ""jihadists today swim in our embassy pool."""
"40 percent of illegal immigrants ""had a visa and then became illegal,"" mostly because ""they changed jobs."""
Eighty-five percent of government's running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down.
We've seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. We've also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier.
When the president's spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlaki's son,  he said he should have chosen a more responsible father.
"Says according to recent polls,no Republican candidate ""is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself."""
"U.S. military involvement in Libya ""allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists."""
"Ebola is ""incredibly contagious,"" ""very transmissible"" and ""easy to catch."""
"Says Hillary Clinton ""was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi on several occasions, including direct cables."""
The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts.
"Says President Barack Obama ""spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs."""
Over half of the young people in medical, dental and law schools are women.
"Of the roughly 15 percent of Americans who dont have health insurance, ""half of them made more than $50,000 a year."""
The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
The average (public school) teacher in Wisconsins making $89,000 a year in salary and benefits.
The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year.
"Says ""Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush."""
"Says abortion is ""the most common surgery in our country."""
The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history.
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
"The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is ""bigger than 28 states in the union."""
State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.
Felony crimes in the city of Atlanta are the lowest they have been since 1969.
The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.
Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate.
Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Tech's graduates.
Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
My office is about a 300-step walk to the governor's office.
We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
Says the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years.
"Says ""you cannot implement Paul Ryans plan without allowing for any increases in revenue."""
"The recent process of awarding $3 billion worth of airport vending contracts was the ""most open and transparent procurement process in the citys history."""
We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone.
Five members of [the Common Cause Georgia] board accepted maximum campaign contributions.
When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent.
"The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was ""on time and on budget."""
"Says that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood ""for one night of inconvenience."""
More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.
[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify.
A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional.
As Virginias governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support.
Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes.
"The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean ""big tax increases."""
"Tim Kaine supported ""higher energy costs for families."""
Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
"Says the Congressional Budget Office said ""unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013"""
"Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes ""by $858 billion."""
"Says Sen. Sherrod Brown ""voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes."""
"Says the ""public option"" considered in the health care law backed by U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin was ""wildly unpopular."""
Obamacare ... will kill jobs across America.
"The new health care law crushes small businesses ""with billions in penalties."""
"20 million people could lose their current coverage  ""including our senior citizens who are on Medicare."""
Polls show that Floridians don't want to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
"It's a good sign for Obamacare that in California, ""the proportion of kids who are signing up is the proportion of kids in the population."""
The insurance companies are making that choice (to cancel or change policies), not the president.
"Every illegal immigrant ""can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in."""
By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
"Says over the last two years, New Jersey Schools Development Authority employees ""have not started or completed one single school project, and Im not talking about major school renovation. Im talking about replacing boilers, roofs."""
Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!
...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat.
Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
"Eric Cantor ""voted to fully fund Obamacare in October."""
I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no on the Iran deal.
"Repealing Obamacare saves ""our nation more than $2 trillion."""
In K-12 education, our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world -- at the bottom.
In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
"Says ""in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked."""
Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But that's more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.
When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
Just remember this: the president's health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that weren't there before.
"Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City ""much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be."""
Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
"Gov. Rick Scott's sale of the state planes was ""not proper."""
"Says using E-Verify is ""a fair amount of cost,"" about $20 per person that does not match."
The Constitution doesn't allow the governor to not-spend appropriations funds.
Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life.
"The employer mandate ""affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country."""
The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. They've demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
"Between 2000 and 2006, ""health insurance company profits quadrupled."""
Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled.
Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions' ability to negotiate.
Says Texas has more than 80,000 abortions each year.
We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
"Says she introduced a ban on ""dirty dancing."""
The U.S. House rule barring members from wearing hats while in session dates back to the 1800s and can be waived by the speaker.
Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.
Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
One out of two Americans  are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us.
This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment.
Crime is down in Arizona.
This is not a mosque. It's a cultural center that has a prayer area.
The NRA supported background checks...
China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
"Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, ""but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion"" into roads and bridges."
"TSA ""started off with 16,500 screeners and the agency has mushroomed to 67,000 employees with 3,590 administrative people ... making over $105,000 per year on average."""
On the question on the DREAM Act, no -- no to granting lower tuition to illegals.
"Says Barack Obama ""counted on Sandy Adams"" to approve stimulus spending."
In Florida, its not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.
By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
"Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""has these offshore accounts"" like Mitt Romney."
For the last decade the climate has been cooling.
"Says under his utility rate plan, ""An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills."""
"The Redskins Training Camp deal ""generated $40 million in new private investment in the city."""
Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
"Richmond is ""the most vegan-friendly city."""
"The University of Wisconsin System ""is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin."""
"Wisconsin has ""one of the most progressive tax codes in the country."""
"Since Republicans took over after the 2010 election, ""the graduation rate in Wisconsin has gone from 86 percent to 88 percent. The black graduation rate has gone from 60 percent to 65 percent. The Latino graduation rate has gone from 65 percent to 71 percent."""
Weve used (generally accepted accounting principles) here in this building the last two years.
Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.
Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
"Says that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was ""ineffective"" in the Florida House of Representatives because ""there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Krisemans) name on it."""
If we don't spend money on a pier, then that money does wipe into the general funds of the city or the county, and if you send it to the county, you never see it again.
Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so they've got a much bigger problem than we do.
"Says under the Affordable Care Act, New Jerseys ""new (Medicaid) enrollees wont qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014."""
"In 2008, ""33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic."""
"The high-speed rail project would create ""60,000-plus jobs for Floridians."""
Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
Obesity kills 34 children per hour.
"If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the ""health risk of 'flicker' impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures."""
The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did  in 2002.
47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
"Debbie Jackow ""unlike her opponent ...WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program."""
"Proposed gun control legislation ""will outlaw practically every firearm, make you pay $100 per firearm, put you into a police database"" and make it ""nearly impossible"" to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon."
"Says the ""number-one source"" of illegal immigration ""is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again."""
"Says ""as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways & Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for"" the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge."""
"Says Amanda Fritz ""manages less than 5 percent of city operations."""
"Says ""Amanda Fritz publicly claimed to be endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice Oregon, both on her website and in the voters guide."""
Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
"The House health care bill pays for ""about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."""
"Says""there are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started"" the War on Poverty."
"Says ""the mandate is 71 times that a childs body will be injected with a disease"" for immunizations."
"The GOP budget plan ""would cut nearly a million jobs."""
An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces.
"Over the past few months, we've learned that ""we just can't count on the media to debunk"" lies about health insurance reform."
Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
"State legislators ""quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building"" in 2013."
Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
"Says Tom Cotton ""voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system."""
"SaysTom Cotton ""voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola."""
"Says Tom Cottons vote in Congress to change Medicare ""will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas."""
"Says the claims that Texas faces a $27 billion shortfall ""are flat-out false."""
"U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was ""the deciding vote for the health care law."""
"The new health care law ""will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care."""
"An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is ""like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs."""
While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
"Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a ""deadbeat citizen."""
"Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""supports massive tax cuts for corporations that outsource Wisconsin jobs."""
Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent.
"The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is ""a self-funded pension plan"" and ""its the money of the workers that funds it."""
"In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett ""demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated"" by Gov. Scott Walkers collective bargaining law"
Says gubernatorial recall candidate Tom Barrett supported passage of Gov. Scott Walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees.
"Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio."""
Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
Seven of the 10 school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
Every person on death row was a foster kid.
Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
Three in four low-income workers dont have any paid sick days available.
There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs.
"Richard Cordrays nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history ""that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didn't like the construction of the agency."""
Rooting for the Red Sox is like rooting for the drug companies.
"Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers ""pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland."""
Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
"The ""House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio."""
Hitler didn't want unions. Stalin didn't want unions. Mubarak didn't want independent unions. These autocrats in history don't want independent unions.
For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated.
Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP.
"Says excessive speculation is pushing up oil prices and a recent report estimates it ""adds 56 cents to every gallon of gasoline siphoned from the pump."""
More than one in five of veterans aged 20 to 24 cant find a job to support their family or to ease the transition to civilian life.
Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
"Says that Republicans ""bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning"" and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule."
"Under federal law, Jared Loughner ""would not have been able to buy a gun"" had he been identified as mentally ill."
Understand, this is unemployment insurance. Its not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when youre working. You get help when youre not.
"More than 10 years of free trade ""has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit."""
Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
"Says the New Years Day ""fiscal cliff"" deal ""reduces the deficit."""
While Mandel's been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasn't shown up for work.
Says the average Ohio student graduates from a four-year college or university with nearly $27,000 in tuition debt.
We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports.
About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the programs cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost.
"The financial services bill will end ""too-big-to-fail."""
"Josh Mandel ""is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohio's investment fund has NOT improved."""
Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
"There is a Republican ""plan to end Medicare."""
"The tax cut deal is giving ""$700 billion to millionaires and billionaires."""
When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates.
Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
"Agriculture ""is the strongest industry in Ohio."""
Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops.
Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million.
We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
Were. . . keeping and creating jobs in our state. From American Greetings, to Wendys, to Diebold, weve gone to their doorsteps to keep jobs right here in Ohio.
Believe it or not, consumer spending is up over the last eight months.
We're within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. We're in a perfect location.
Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.
We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.
I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and don't pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
"Says hewas ""one of the chief architects"" of balancing the federalbudget."
I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole  to a $2 billion surplus.
"Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing ""everybody a lot of money."""
We're up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. We're actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio.
Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since '11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest.
One-third of our college grads leave Ohio within three years.
We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
Ohio ranks 46th in the country in putting dollars in the classroom.
(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million.
"Says ""Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage"" in Lake Erie ""causes big problems"" for Ohio."
The total (state) payroll has gone down. The total amount of the number of workers in the state has gone down. I like the fact that the bulk of that is just by retirements.
In this bill that Ive just signed, we dont cut anybodys salary. We dont take away their pension. And we dont destroy their health care.
"Ohio Director of Job Creation ""Mark Kvamme just clawed back about $900,000 from companies that made promises and they didn't keep them."""
They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour.
"John Kasich says he won, despite ""12 visits by a president, somewhere between $45 (million) and $50 million (spent against him,) 500 paid volunteers in here calling me every name in the book, former presidents, first ladies and God-knows-who-else."""
(John) Kasich was the architect who balanced the budget, cut spending, created a surplus, igniting record job creation.
The total number of dollars that passes through the Department of Development is like $900 million and like $650 (million) of it has nothing to do with development, which is breathtaking when you think about it.
You cant raise taxes in Ohio. We are one of the highest taxed states in the country.
We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions don't want to pay anything.
Since the beginning of the year we've created a net increase of 45,000 jobs.
The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didn't win.
"Says an EPA permit ""languished"" under Strickland but his new EPA director got it done in two days."
State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
Were the seventh highest taxed state in America. And thats not just state, its local as well.
State employees are actually going to get a pay raise.
"There was ""some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland."""
Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget.
We didnt have a development director for over seven months.
You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it.
"Says that his transportation budget and Ohio Turnpike plan ""would make sure we have lower tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike."""
They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesnt make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then theyre on the plane back to Los Angeles.
"The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance ""whether they can afford it or not."""
"On the night of the Wisconsin state Senate vote on the budget package, ""a mob showed up and busted down the door and took over the Capitol."""
"Wisconsin was embroiled in a ""constitutional crisis"" brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walker's budget-repair bill."
"One of every two Wisconsin residents are ""on some kind of government handout."""
We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
Global warming is a hoax.
The cost for renovating the headquarters of the U.N. has doubled from the original estimate.
Active duty males in the military are twice as likely to develop prostate cancer than their civilian counterparts.
Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast.
There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist.
"Says ""Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade."""
"Says Rick Perry is ""spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing."""
No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
"Says that in 2007, ""Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data."""
"Proposition 2 on Novembers Texas ballot ""does not cost state taxpayers any money."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland ""voted to keep the shutdown going."""
In the last 24 months, 10 rural Texas hospitals have been forced to shut their doors because state leaders chose not to expand Medicaid.
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
"Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas ""gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991."""
Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
"Says Rick Scott changed his promise from700,000 jobs created ""on top of what normal growth would be"" to just 700,000 jobs."
"Says Rick Scott ""didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week."""
I am very proud, as governor of Florida, that we signed the first divestment act, as it relates to Iran, divesting any investments in companies that would invest in Iran.
"Says Marco Rubio said that ""people who essentially don't agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann."""
Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
I have spent virtually every weekend since Memorial Day in the Panhandle.
Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican.
"Marco Rubio's ""income skyrocketed while his power increased."""
Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes.
We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime.
Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods.
President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations).
"Charlie Crist broke the quarter ""record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."""
"If Florida had not taken the stimulus, it ""would have led to the firing of 20,000 teachers."""
"Says Rick Scott signed ""laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest."""
"Says Rick Scott ""thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control."""
Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
"Says Rick Scotts per-pupil education spending is ""about $200 less"" than what it was under Charlie Crist during the recession."
We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion.
Were the Sunshine State, and were hardly doing any solar energy production.
"Says Rick Scott ""cut education by $1.3 billion"" in his first year, then ""in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities."""
Today many Florida teachers are at risk of having their pay impacted by the performance of children who are not even in their classrooms or subject areas.
Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.
You know, when this thing first hit, I signed a declaration of emergency for the six counties that were directly affected, impacted in the Panhandle, then I extended that not long thereafter down into Sarasota County.
BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state.
I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny.
"Rubio admitted he ""would have accepted the stimulus money."""
Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been.
I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months.
"Says Rick Scott ""spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governor's Mansion."""
"If Florida expanded Medicaid, ""some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs."""
"Says Rick Scott ""pled the Fifth 75 times to avoid jail for Medicare fraud."""
All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars.
"Says Rick Scott cut ""Bright Futures scholarships in half."""
Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs.
"41,200 veterans in Florida ""dont have health care because Scott didnt expand Medicaid."""
"Says Rick Scotts record on jobs includes Florida ""ranked 2nd in the nation in long-term unemployment."""
"The economic ""turnaround started at the end of my term."""
Six people in Florida die as a result of (not expanding Medicaid) every day.
"Charlie Crist stopped ""layoffs of some 20,000 school teachers during the global economic meltdown."""
Jeb Bush recently noted, Reagan himself would have been too moderate, too reasonable for today's GOP.
"Republicans included ""the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims."""
"Marco Rubio ""wants to raise the Social Security retirement age,"" and ""cut benefits."""
The passage of the teacher tenure bill in the Fla. Legislature was like the health care bill in Congress because one party jammed it through.
"Marco Rubio was ""subpoenaed."""
"Marco Rubio controlled funds that ""out of the $600,000 that were raised,  only $4,000 went to candidates to try to improve their chances to be  elected to office."""
"In Cover Florida ""thousands already enrolled and climbing."""
"Marco Rubio ""supported $800,000 for AstroTurf for a field where he played flag football."""
"When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. ""Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."""
Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers werent needed.
"Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers ""lost their jobs"" and ""class sizes went up."""
"Says Rick Scott ""raised property taxes."""
Says he hasnt changed his view on abortion restrictions.
I always supported civil unions.
Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.
"In 2012, the state ""put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10."""
"Says Jeb Bush ""extended early voting"" after seeing ""long lines."""
The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
"Says Marco Rubio sold a home to a chiropractor who had been lobbying him on automobile insurance legislation and ""once he sold the home, for $380,000 cash, the speaker's position on the issue changed."""
"Marco Rubio is a ""Miami lobbyist."""
Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent.
"Cover Florida ""is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."""
Here in Florida, Ive slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion.
Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
"Says Rick Scott has ""teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist."""
I've also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) that's supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month.
"Rubio's tax swap proposal ""would have been a massive tax increase."""
We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history.
I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts.
Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month.
"Marco Rubio tried to insert ""$1.5 million for a rowing institute"" into the state budget."
I didn't endorse the federal stimulus bill.
Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
Taxes and fees amount to about 20 percent of a typical $300 round-trip domestic ticket. Thats higher than taxes on products like alcohol, tobacco and firearms.
More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
"Israel in the last three weeks has""killed more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006."""
"U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is ""the only working farmer currently serving in the House."""
Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety.
"Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received ""harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators."""
"Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin ""voted against a property tax freeze"" in 2009 and then voted for a ""$1.5 billion property tax hike."""
"Under a proposed Georgia law, ""women who miscarry could become felons."""
Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job.
In the last 10 years, Georgias middle class income has dropped $6,500.
Since 2009, Georgia's public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
We (Georgia) collect fewer state taxes per capita than any other state  although state taxes are low, Georgia is the eighth-most-dependent state on the federal government.
Georgia can substantially increase its funding for education by going after $2.5 billion in uncollected taxes.
Theres $30 billion in expansion funds that weve paid  its our money and Nathan Deal wants Washington to keep it.
Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
In the history department at the University of Texas, out of 50 registered voters, only one is a Republican.
"About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are ""out there on drugs."""
"The United states is ""borrowing more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend."""
"Under Ryan plan,""those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress."""
"Says Glenn Nye voted ""in lock step with Nancy Pelosi"" 83 percentof the time."
The (national) debt really added up $75 trillion in 2010 and is on track to hit $99 trillion this year.
Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion the IRS needed toimplement health care legislation.
"Says theCongressional Budget Officehas estimated""every penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025."""
In 1950, the average American lived for 68 years and 16 workers supported one retiree. Today, the average life expectancy is 78 and three workers support one retiree.
"The U.S. has ""over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities."""
He's the only candidate who's balanced budgets and brought jobs to Providence.
Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
"None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects ""will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways."""
"Republicans are ""trying to impeach our president."""
Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include  $250,000 to provide digital television to the states inmate population.
The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax.
Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus spending -- Part II.
In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations.
Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families.
"Greg Abbott has benefitted from ""payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees."""
Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
"Greg Abbott ""heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act."""
"Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door ""had no responsibility"" in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer."
"Says Greg Abbott ""has lost"" in court ""four times in just the past few days."""
"Women ""are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas."""
I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children.
Says 92 percent of Texas counties had no abortion provider in 2008.
"Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in ""what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state."""
"Says Texas is ""dead last in support for mental health."""
"Says ""for the first time ever,"" Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth."
Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
"Greg Abbott ""has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls."""
"Greg Abbott was ""charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations."""
"Payday lenders profit ""from the poor by charging 1,000-plus"" percent ""interest."""
Greg Abbott defended more than $5 billion in public school funding cuts in fighting hundreds of school districts in court.
Says that each year, about 25,000 American women become pregnant through rape or incest.
"Says because of Texas lawmakers choices, ""hundreds of thousands of women no longer have access to basic medical care, life-saving cancer screenings and contraception."""
We caught (the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality) lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale.
"Greg Abbott did ""nothing"" to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school."
Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue.
The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
"The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse ""must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly."""
"Says the Multnomah County Library system ""is the second busiest in the nation."""
"Says Multnomah County libraries ""are open 44 hours per week  the lowest of any library in the four-county region."""
"Says ""the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month"" if library district passes."
If you make more than $250,000 a year  you only really take home about $125,000.
"White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the ""right-hand man"" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN."
NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming.
At some point in their lives, 99% of women use birth control.
Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
"Sherrod Brown ""failed to pay his own taxes three separate times."""
"Sherrod Brown ""has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president."""
"Ilana Shafran Mandels stake in Forest City Enterprises ""constitutes significantly less than 1 percent"" of the companys shares and any implication of a conflict of interest ""is legally incorrect."""
Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
"Federal spending on entitlements ""is projected to consume all revenue by 2045."""
"Sherrod Browns approval rating ""has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters"" in a poll by a Democratic pollster."
"Says he ""cut the budget."""
"Says he ""earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer."""
In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.
"The STAR Ohio fund ""just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive."""
During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders.
We need a Senator who shows up to work. Sherrod Brown missed over 350 official votes.
Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
"Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, ""despite acknowledging that the EPA's cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio."""
"Says U.S. Sen Sherrod Brown ""promised that the first stimulus bill would fund the "
"Says that Sherrod Brown is an ""Obama rubber stamp"" for ""supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan."""
"Sherrod Brown ""voted six times to raise his own pay."""
"Says Sen. Sherrod Brown ""cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care."""
The majority last quarter of Sherrod Brown's campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio.
Boyce gave (a lobbyists) wife a sensitive job in the treasurers office, a job Boyce admitted he only made available at their mosque.
"Sherrod Brown ""sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries."""
"The Affordable Care Act ""will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history."""
"Sherrod Brown ""gave huge bonuses to executives."""
Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
"Sen. Sherrod Brown ""has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources."""
"Says that Sen. Sherrod Brown is ""out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places."""
"Says Daniel Webster ""used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge."""
"Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings ""both where citizen with gun stopped the crime"""
When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, theyre virtually the same.
"Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers ""has not increased."""
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
"In 2011, Milwaukee Public Schools ""will provide 77 cents in employee benefits for every dollar it spends on wages."""
"Says shes ""tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts."""
We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
"Says ""We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly."""
The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.
The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high.
"Says U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul is ""the sixth-richest person in Congress."""
More people were killed in the United States last year by tainted food than U.S. troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began.
"Milwaukees problems include ""52 percent black male unemployment."""
US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.
The Russians didnt wear uniforms when they came in to Ukraine.
Every dollar spent in the new Obamacare system ... goes to private-sector insurance companies.
"Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a ""very low turnout"" race."
"Says Dick Cheney ""de-Baathisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS."""
"On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journal""surprisingly attacked this tax scheme."""
"Under Floridas voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours ""makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working right to the end of the week."""
Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion.
"Texas leads ""the country in drunk driving fatalities."""
"The Obama administration is ""proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obama's Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030."""
While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money.
The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents.
"Democratic presidents ""have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."""
Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
U.S. Rep.   Lloyd Doggett is the most liberal man in the United States Congress.
"Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the ""lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter."""
Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money.  Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
"Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich ""spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas."""
A study by the University of Virginia pulls back the curtain on Medicaids tragically bad outcomes, including increased risk of adjusted mortality.
Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
Even with recent changes, the average hourly wage at General Motors is still $75 an hour.
"Says ""in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested"" for HIV."
Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
"University of Wisconsin System's reserves are in the ""mid- to low-range"" of comparable university systems."
The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago.
"Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook ""Likes."""
"The Obama administration has put out ""more of these major rules than the Clinton administration or the Bush administration during comparable times."""
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
"Says out-of-state abortion clinics ""have marketed their services to minors"" in states with parental consent laws."
"Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would ""take us into a recession and kill jobs."""
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
"The Buffett Rule ""will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt."""
A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes.
"Says the federal government is ""the largest energy user in the country."""
Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, it's actually the rule.
"Says the United States does not ""trade as much as other developed nations."""
"Since the stimulus package was passed, ""Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs."""
About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
I was filibustered.
Our debt now is about $140,000 per household.
"The national debt of $16 trillion, is ""enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times."""
Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
"U.S. debt is ""now equal to 100 percent of the GDP."""
"Says he'sso bipartisan that ""12 of my bills were signed into law by Democratic President Bill Clinton."""
"On Lee Fishers watch, ""almost nine out of 10"" jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, ""not to other countries."""
More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
We've got 7.2 percent unemployment (in Ohio), but when you include the folks who have stopped looking for work, it's actually over 10 percent.
Says the health care reform bill was paid for, in part, by taking money from students and the student loan system.
Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering.
We rank below Ethiopia, I'm told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea.
The Democrat-led Senate has failed to pass a budget for 750 days ... Senate Democrats have neglected one of their most basic responsibilities.
Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs.
Since the Democrats stimulus went into effect last year, Ohio has lost about 150,000 Jobs.
"A year since the ""Recovery Summer,"" there has been been ""a fall, winter and spring of no recovery."""
The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because its increased costs for employers.
"A bill to cap carbon emissions ""could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs."""
"Barack Obama has ""never even worked in business."""
Says that under President Obama, theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
"Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will ""immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil."""
Under Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher, Ohio is 44th in the country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining.
"Says that Lee Fisher once said, ""I never met a gun control bill I didnt like."""
"Says a ""Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working  """
"There is ""a constitutional issue"" that affects ""the paychecks of members of Congress"" during a shutdown."
"Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require ""liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions."""
"Says people in Africa ""literally walk two and three hundred miles"" in order to vote."
"The Baucus bill ""contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."""
"Barack Obama voted against ""born alive"" legislation in Illinois that was ""virtually identical to the federal law."""
State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record  even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions.
"The Obama White House recognizes a ""baby that has not been born"" for security purposes."
"The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover ""any legal abortion."""
Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions.
Were above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth Thats not a minority. Thats now a majority.
"Says Georgia ranks ""near the bottom in per capita transportation spending."""
More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation except for South Dakota.
"Seventy percent of Americans ""don't have a college degree."""
"Says Mitt Romney said he does not ""line up with the NRA."""
Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock.
Says the unemployment rate for college graduates is 4.4 percent and over 10 percent for noncollege-educated.
"The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he ""stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship."""
"Says Rick Perry ""provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants."""
Ninety percent of American workers don't own their own business.
"The CBO says that if you raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, ""half a million people would lose their jobs."""
Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate.
A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent.
Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
There are more people living in this country who were not born here than at anytime in the history of the country.
"Says Mitt Romney said ""we are going to have to live with high gas prices, it's a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we don't want to produce any more gasoline."""
"Says the federal government ""tells health insurance companies how much money they're allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent."""
"After prenatal diagnosis, ""90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted."""
When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. It's now 60 percent of the budget.
"President Obama has ""said he is going to cut veterans' benefits."""
"As a result of welfare reform, ""poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children."""
"Rick Santorum ""reformed welfare."""
"Says he has ""been able to attract independents and Democrats to win"" elections in Pennsylvania."
The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. It's 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees.
"The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person  ""it's 30 percent today."""
Says that in 2001, Rick Perry spoke favorably of binational health insurance between Mexico and Texas.
"The Medicare drug program ""resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right."""
"If Fox News' presidential debate rules had been in place during the1992 election,""Bill Clinton wouldn't have beenon the stage."""
"Says Howard Zinn, ""an anti-American Marxist,"" wrote ""the most popular textbook that's taught in our high schools in America."""
We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
"Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said ""if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law."""
"President Obamas education ""solution"" includes an effort to ""nationalize curriculum."""
If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders  happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
Romneycare  is a top-down, government-run health care system.
"Florida's economy ""became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008."""
"Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides ""pretty much"" the same coverage that members of Congress receive."
"Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, ""You took it out of your book."""
"In Europe, ""church attendance rates (are) in the single digits"" because churches are supported by taxes."
"The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the ""head"" of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. ""That number was pulled out of thin air."""
The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent dont agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2.
"When his grandfather arrived in the United States, ""there were no government benefits for immigrants."""
I think its seven or eight of the California system of universities dont even teach an American history course. Its not even available to be taught.
"After President Barack Obamas health care law takes full effect, ""100 percent"" of Americans will ""depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."""
When my grandfather came to this country back in 1925, there were no government benefits.
[R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers.
"Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said ""she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution."""
President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college.
Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion.
Says Mitt Romney supports cap and trade.
Says an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has put (up) a stop sign  against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska."""
The cost-of-living increase in Social Security is tied to wage inflation.
A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion.
"Says President Obama has waived ""the work requirement for welfare."""
"President Barack Obamas policies have forced ""many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts."""
"Says in the last 20 years, the French have not ""stood by"" the United States on foreign policy."
Rick Santorum says Rick Perry requested 1,200 earmarks as governor of Texas.
Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
The average age of first marijuana use is 12.
Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling  all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling.
"Wisconsins technical college graduates ""have a higher employment rate and starting salaries"" than four-year college graduates nationwide."
In this judicial race, special  interest groups have demanded  money from me, in exchange for  endorsement and support.
"The state constitution ""clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in Tennessee."""
If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, they're overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
We have reduced funding for education the least. They've suffered the least cuts.
Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
Gov. Kasich and the Republican-dominated legislature have foregone the popular option of closing tax loopholes that amount to $7 billion annually in this state.
"Under Gov. John Kasichs budget proposal, ""the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohios working and middle class families will pay more."""
"Lorain ""is the poorest urban school district in the state of Ohio."""
A provision of the Senate immigration bill would require you to have government permission to get a second job.
Early voting remains at 96 hours.
Their New York casino deal was called rigged and corrupt.
This would be the largest casino in the United States.
Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars.
"A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 ""could accept a bribe from somebody"" and ""couldnt be removed from this commission."""
OShaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package -- a taxpayer-funded pay raise for herself.
"Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, ""it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America."""
"In Afghanistan, ""it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an"" improvised explosive device, or IED."
There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida.
Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats' plan.
"Says Mitt Romney wants to ""get rid of Planned Parenthood."""
One of the other inaccuracies ...is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since Ive been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
"Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson ""appears to endorse world government."""
We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
Amajority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supportedamnesty.
It has been the law since the beginning of the country that the children of American citizens born ... abroad are American citizens by birth.
A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty.
The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds.
Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
"Under President Barack Obama,""Weve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978."""
"Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate ""through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury."""
"Says David Dewhurst ""explicitly advocated"" a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants."
Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
In the year 2013, the Obama administration released 104,000 criminal illegal aliens. They released 196 murderers  people with homicide convictions, who are here illegally.
"Says Obama's net neutrality proposal""puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered."""
"Saturday Night Live executive producer ""Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician."""
"Says 95 percent of people caught crossing the U.S.-Mexico border said in a survey ""we are coming because weve been promised amnesty."""
"Says Americans ""invented Pong, Space Invaders and the iPhone."""
"Says he ""has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagels character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation."""
Says the claim that 40 percent of guns are sold without background checks traces to information gathered before background checks were even required.
Says our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product.
"Says states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court ""are not bound"" by the courts ruling."
"The Supreme Courts views ""are radically out of step with public opinion"" regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide."
Today roughly half of born-again Christians arent voting. Theyre staying home.
Many of the alarmists on global warming, theyve got a problem because the science doesnt back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, theres been zero warming.
Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.
92 million Americans aren't working.
"Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of ""not negotiating with terrorists."""
"The Obama administration spent ""$205,075 in stimulus funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16."""
Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
Neville Chamberlain told the British people: Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Let's appease them. Why? Because it can't be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.
Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
"Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over ""with the paperwork."""
According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance.
"The Senate immigration bill ""has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, it's designed never to come into being."""
"The Iran deal ""trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves."""
The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.
Every year we spend roughly $500 billion on tax compliance. That is roughly the budget of our entire military, entirely wasted on tax compliance.
About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators.
Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers.
"In the 2014 elections, ""the American people overwhelmingly said we don't want Obamacare  and we don't want amnesty."""
Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist (for surgeon general).
"ISIS is ""right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees."""
"Says children are coming into the U.S. in ""staggering numbers"" because President Barack Obama ""has been promising amnesty."""
"Says President Barack Obama ""is the first president we've ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore."""
Virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up due to Obamacare.
"A strong bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives ""voted to defund Obamacare."""
"UPS left 15,000 employees spouses ""without health insurance"" and told them to, ""go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."""
"Says ""President Obama just granted all of Congress an exception"" to Obamacare."
Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas.
"Says ""the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws, almost without exception  have the highest crime rates and the highest murder rates."""
"David Dewhurst ""has never once cut one penny from the state budget."""
Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?
Says the Democrats told the Catholic Church that theyll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesnt change its beliefs.
"Says Chuck Hagels nomination as defense secretary ""has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government."""
"David Dewhurst has a ""record of promoting an income tax."""
"Says Barack Obama ""began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour."""
"Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island ""only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family."""
"Rhode Island has ""the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation."""
A grant for $5,000 [from the Governors Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood.
Its just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs.
The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill.
"The town of Cumberland has ""its highest bond rating in history."""
This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments.
"Central Falls ""schools are overfunded by state money by as much as $8 million."""
"Austin is ""burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation."""
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
"The U.S. Constitution is ""the oldest written constitution still in use today"" among nations."
"TheHousebudget plan proposes ""the largest discretionary spending cut in history."""
"Federal prosecutions for lying on background checks to buy guns are ""down 40 percent"" under President Barack Obama."
The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States.
"Thomas Jefferson expressed ""strong support"" for a balanced budget amendment in 1798."
"The ""9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority."""
The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
(Environmentalists) said Were only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet. ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet.
This years redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history.
"Claims credit for food tax reductions that ""previous Democrat regimes refused to make."""
"Quarterbacks ""won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time."""
"Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, ""only 10 percent was for disaster relief."""
"Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates ""doubled or tripled"" and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people."
"UW-Madison ""spent down reserves"" as it was told to do two years ago and, facing new state budget cuts, has ""no more reserves to spend down."""
A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year.
During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
"Abraham Lincoln ""visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber."""
Ohio is doing better right now than the national average on all the (economic) numbers.
"Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, ""86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math."""
In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers.  Youre also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
"Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill will have to ""give up the same amount of pay"" as other state employees."
In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
"Says he posted a ""win"" in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary."
Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed right to work laws making union membership and dues optional
"Says 15,000 IRS employees ""have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications."""
In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings.
"Says ""Obamacare"" is ""the largest middle-class tax increase in history."""
"Says Wisconsins 2011-13 state budget contains ""no fee increases"""
A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice.
We've seen 115,000 jobs created in the American auto industry since GM and Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy.
"In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish ""spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards."""
"The Richardson-Denish administration ""gave"" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico."
(The Tax Policy Center) found that Romney would raise taxes on the average middle class family by $2,000 to pay for $5 trillion in tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires.
Since Mayor Kennedy OBrien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now OBrien is holding secret meetings with big developers.
"Says Vince Polistina is ""collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension."""
"Says PolitiFact issued a True ruling on Paul Krugman calling ""Governor Christie a fiscal phony."""
"Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money ""for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips."""
If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk.
Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England.
"Says Democrats raised taxes over 115 times in the past 10 years, ""making New Jersey increasingly unaffordable and chasing jobs to neighboring states."""
New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade.
The states tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), 'If they bring a knife to the fight, we'll bring a gun.' 
Says Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.
Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
"Says Texas is ""last in mental health expenditures."""
Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
Says Texas has the nations most uninsured residents.
Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
More than 80 percent of Georgians dont support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
"Portland, Ore., has ""never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership"" of its public transit system ""in the past 12 years."""
A proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend $90,000 to take a single vehicle off the road during the morning and afternoon commute.
The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding.
Damage by protesters to the Wisconsin state Capitol will cost $7.5 million to repair.
"Repeal of Obamacare would ""take away health care for 10.3 million Americans"" who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013."
America has lost over 50,000 manufacturing factories on other trade deals.
When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages.
Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
In (Sen. Marco) Rubio's state of Florida alone, Social Security lifts more than -- count it -- a million people out of poverty.
"Walmart employees receive ""roughly $5,800"" in public assistance per year."
"Health insurance and medical costs ""are going down because of Obamacare."""
Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up due to the House health care bill.
"Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin ""who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight."""
"With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama ""has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration."""
Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade.
Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!
"Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryans tax plan, ""Id have paid no taxes in the last two years."""
"Says Ken Cuccinelli ""attacked churches for helping the poor."""
"Says Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas ""for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska."""
"Employers and schools have no right to conduct ""surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle."""
Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
"Says Rick Scott's proposed budget ""would lay off 20,000 teachers."""
Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs.
Says Democrats racked up a $1 billion state deficit, while Republicans under Bill O'Brien balanced the budget.
"Says bus riders subsidize the ""expensive, romanticized"" Leander-to-Austin train."
"Says it's ""estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America."""
"Rhode Island is ""at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities."""
"Blue Cross headquarters has ""a $30,000 granite table."""
"Says he ""is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon."""
Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him.
Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
"The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments ""for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes."""
More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
H.B. 194, the Voter Suppression Bill, invalidates a vote where a voter properly marks the ballot in support of a particular candidate, but also writes in the name of that same candidate.
More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
"Says that voter identification laws ""keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting."""
When George Bush became president of the United States, 17 million people were in poverty. When he left, 30 million people were in poverty.
The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group.
"Says House Democrats ""voted to use your tax dollars for abortions"" by voting against bill defunding Planned Parenthood."
You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel.
I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.
Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning.
"I am ""the first Latina to run for governor of Texas."""
Portland Community College serves more students than all of the states universities combined.
"More ""25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America."""
For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
"A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms ""would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose."""
We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
"Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin ""has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office."""
"The Legislature passed Gov. Walkers so-called property tax relief bill, but the Republicans ""are still raising your property taxes."""
Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state.
Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years.
One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive.
Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits what's covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year.
"On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan ""found a good"" health insurance ""plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month."""
Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other metropolitan districts across the state by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff.
Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PB&J sandwiches racist.
Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia.
At least Obama didn't marry his cousin, as Giuliani did.
"Says Lois Frankel ""took a 40 percent pay raise"" as mayor while West Palm Beach ""lost jobs."""
A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies.
"Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on ""wild"" hogs."
"In early voting in Miami-Dade County, ""there is a trickle of two or three people a day at a very high cost to keep those public libraries and polls open."""
Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
Over the past three years, deep poverty has reached its highest level on record.
"Members of the military dont ""contribute toward their pension."""
Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy.
"All 28 members of NATO have ""pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us."""
Obamacare  carries on even under a government shutdown.
One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids dont graduate.
The Canadians  they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent.
"Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, ""for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job."""
"Says he and Mitt Romney ""always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline"" for leaving Afghanistan."
"Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get ""most of the deductions"" in the tax code."
"Says U.S. Senate Democrats ""have gone without any budget at all"" for more than 1,000 days."
"On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise ""the top rate to 44.8 percent."""
Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had fast-track trade authority.
"Says Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico ""and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners."""
Our debt is already bigger than our economy.
"Over $1 trillion was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to ""give every single poor American a check for $22,000."""
"The Obama administration ""called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people."""
"In Massachusetts under Mitt Romney, ""unemployment went down, household incomes went up,"" and the state ""saw its credit rating upgraded."""
"The Romney-Ryan plan for Medicare ""does not affect"" benefits for anyone 55 or older."
Even a 100 percent tax on millionaires would only fund four months of government operations, failing to seriously address budget deficits and debt.
"Says the U.S. borrows ""42 cents of every dollar Washington spends today and about half of that comes from countries like China."""
The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation can't conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue.
Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus.
After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts.
"Medicare is ""going broke. The trust fund goes bankrupt in 2026."""
"The Murray-Ryan deal ""is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986."""
Were taxing our small businesses now at rates higher than corporations.
Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romneys tax plan.
"Says the Obama administration ""watered down sanctions"" against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress ""from putting the tough sanctions in place."""
"Says Joe Biden ""went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn't second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations."""
Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
"Says President Barack Obama ""already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers."""
"President Obama ""funneled"" $716 billion out of Medicare ""at the expense of the elderly."""
"Says Obama puts ""15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors."""
Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
"The health care law ""is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy."""
Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years
"In 2004, ""20 percent of U.S. households were getting about 75 percent of their income from the federal government. ... Another 20 percent were receiving almost 40 percent."""
"Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, ""are not working or even in school trying to find a job."""
"The fiscal cliff agreement was ""the largest tax increase in history."""
Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.
Says President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing.
"Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years while it "" went up $5,000"" under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts"
"President Barack Obama ""has doubled the size of government since he took office."""
"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to ""riots"" at the Capitol -- ""It's like Cairo has moved to Madison these days."""
This is the first time in our state, and one of the first times in the country, where benefit reductions . . . has happened to people who are retired.
"Rhode Island ""is one of the worst states"" for income equality."
Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
"We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with ""more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill."""
"Sarah Palin ""already has more executive experience"" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden ""combined."""
We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia.
Ronald Reagan did amnesty.
This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan.
The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America.
The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006.
"Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time.He's got his numbers right/truth-o-meter/statements/2007/oct/26/rudy-giuliani/hes-got-his-numbers-right/Rudy Giuliani1Says 93 percent of blacks in America are killed by other blacks."""
"Said he's the only Republican candidate ""who's actually turned around a government economy."""
And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates.
And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined.
He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights.
"Romney failed to take action against ""sanctuary cities"" in Massachusetts."
I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues.
Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent.
Bill Clinton cut the military drastically.
"Murder went up when Romney was governor. ""Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."""
The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus.
America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence.
I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City.
When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent.
Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent.
"No one claims the report vindicating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the bridge scandal is ""conclusive."""
For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'
We haven't built a refinery, I think, in 30 years.
Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office 
We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent.
People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay.
"Thompson ""voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."""
I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City. -
"Says President Barack Obama said ""that American exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism of any other country."""
The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
He reformed welfare before others tried.
''The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America.''
I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine.
What they will do is socialized medicine.
The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City.
"Says President Barack Obama has said ""that everybody should hate the police."""
We had no domestic attacks under Bush.
I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world.
For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year.
Says required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
"Dave Brat said ""the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more."""
"Says Bill Young ""voted twice for the Ryan budget that ends the current Medicare system."""
"Says ""over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County,"" because he ""is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live."""
Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote.
The Atlanta Beltline paid nearly $3.5 million for less than a quarter-acre.
"Crist sent his ""top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal,"" then vetoed the bill."
President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York.
"Says George LeMieux ""falsely attacked Marco Rubio."""
Obama-Nelson economic record: Job creation ... at slowest post-recession rate since Great Depression.
"In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge ""announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law."""
"Lois Frankel ""spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet."""
"While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a ""police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party."""
George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a 'Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action' that looks strikingly similar to the 'Super Committee' now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes.
 'Scary' fact about our national debt. In 1791 it was $75 million. Today, it rises by that amount in about an hour.
"Says George LeMieux ""even compared Marco Rubio to Barack Obama."""
Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.
Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
There's nothing in the voting instructions that we've been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever.
Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store.
Over 60 percent of the provisional ballots cast in [the 2012] election were disqualified because those folks were not duly registered as voters.
"Four members of the Rhode Island General Assembly ""went to vote in 2010 and were told they had already voted."""
A child born in America today will inherit $1.5 million in debt the moment they're placed in their mother's arms.
46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients.
"President Obama was ""raised Muslim."""
"State Rep. Elena Parent ""supported Governor Nathan Deals plan to slash the HOPE scholarship."""
Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution.
"Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.Her numbers add up/rhode-island/statements/2015/mar/08/gina-raimondo/gov-gina-raimondo-says-ri-well-below-average-numbe/Gina Raimondo0Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs."""
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
"The company I created, Point Judith Capital, ""is the only  venture capital firm in Rhode Island."""
Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
Providence has more of its pension fund invested in hedge funds and is less transparent about it than the state.
The average 401(k) in America of a person who's 60 years old is under $100,000.
Its commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above  that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges.
Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men.
Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.
Residential property taxes [in Providence] are up nearly 27 percent under Mayor Taveras.
"Says ""99 percent of the time police officers aren't charged when they kill young people of color."""
"Businesses ""will be required to certify to the IRS  under penalty of perjury  that Obamacare was not a motivating factor"" for cutting staff."
Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs.
Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol.
RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
"In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families. Today ""we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families..."""
"Says President Obama ""is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels..."""
Tarpon Springs takes its homeless to St. Petersburg.
Rhode Islands exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years.
Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters.
"The Dolphins stadium renovation will ""create more than 4,000 new local jobs."""
"Says that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, ""unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now."""
Do this research  watch how much crime picks up if you take away [football].
It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.
"Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage ""are not dramatically changing."""
"In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have ""some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether its pathological or what wed categorize as a problem gambler."""
President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who  now sits on the Supreme Court.
"Obama's position on nuclear arms is a ""march toward global zero."""
One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform).
Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent.
"Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be ""no calamity,"" and that the Associated Press said""the administration concedes the security risk is not immediate."""
The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law.
"A new Rasmussen poll shows people ""oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."""
"The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes ""millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."""
"Abortion services are ""well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does."""
Says he did not say Republicans would filibuster immigration reform.
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
A miscarriage is considered an abortion.
Says this House processed and approved as many bills as previous Legislatures.
"Says, ""The Democrats' proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings."""
"Says Wisconsin Assembly Republicans voted to repeal a law that ensures ""that women cannot get paid less than a man for doing the same job."""
Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation
Tommy Thompson made millions from corporations who outsource American jobs and now he's trying to lavish huge tax breaks on them.
"Tim Kaine ""made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row."""
"Amanda Murphy has ""two vacation homes around the world."""
(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
"Iran President Hassan ""Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities"" than members of Barack Obamas Cabinet."
"The Iraq war has been ""our longest war."""
"In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera ""staunchly supported"" a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law"
"In 2008, Charlie Crist ""applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do a great job."""
If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half.
"Says Charlie Crist ""was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax."""
"Says Adam Hasners record includes ""requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."""
(Bill) Nelson voted for billions in wasteful spending earmarks like the Bridge to Nowhere.
Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt.
"U.S. Rep. Connie Mack ""voted to raise his own pay several times."""
The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F.
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Adam Hasner ""cited his efforts to weaken pro-life and school choice legislation as unequivocal proof that hes a moderate."""
750 days since Bill Nelson & the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?
(George) LeMieux never requested a single earmark and pushed to ban them all.
There's more than 100,000 people working at the Department of Agriculture. That's 1 employee for every 30 farmers.
Sources show (Connie) Mack as a resident of California, living with his wife in Palm Springs.
"Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack ""took seven and a half years to finish college."""
"Connie Mack's ""only real job in the real world"" was as ""events coordinator for Hooters!"""
"The White House has ""refused"" international help in dealing with the oil spill."
"Says Connie Mack ""failed to pay his child support."""
"Says ""Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop"" the states health care reform plan."
Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one.
A $250 fine if you're caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store. Plastic bag police anyone?
Portland spent nearly $1 million in federal stimulus money to install bike path signs where they already existed.
"Says a Portland school gives Muslim students ""their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs,"" and lets them ""out of class five times a day to pray to Allah."""
"Says the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas,""had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006."""
Weve seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado since marijuana use was legalized.
"The average Atlanta resident ""spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time."""
"Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley ""wants gas taxes raised."""
When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlantas cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally.
"A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, ""metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year."""
Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
"It is ""the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts."""
"Under a proposed bill, a $100,000 homes flood insurance premium would be ""maybe $200 or $300 annually."""
Some politicians  want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending.
I'm 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldnt get it replaced.
"Georgia is one of three states that ""effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators."""
A Georgia religious freedom bill would help Catholic institutions that, under Obamacare, could be forced to provide abortion-inducing drugs.
"Jason Carter ""actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate."""
"Under Mary Burkes leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had ""major shortcomings"" and ""40 percent of jobs...didnt materialize."""
Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms  She taxed them all. Architect of Corzines budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
Gubernatorial candidate Maggie Hassan supported 33 tax and fee increases as Senate Majority Leader.
"Says ""unemployment tripled"" in Dane County due to Kathleen Falks tax policies"
"Mayor Tom Barretts policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to ""one of Americas 10 worst cities for unemployment."""
"Roy Barnes ""made Georgia dead last in education"" and Georgia ""led the nation in job losses."""
Roy Barnes is like Barack Obama because they're both doing a lot of apologizing.
Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Stricklands) watch.
Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
"Tom Barrett ""voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security."""
"Mary ""Burkes record: 130,000 fewer jobs."""
"Accuses Ed FitzGerald of ""pay-to-play and corruption politics."""
"Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been ""fighting hard"" to let illegal immigrants vote."
Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions.
"U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson ""has never proposed, nor voted in favor of, a substantial cut in federal spending"" and has voted for ""many substantial increases in federal spending."""
"In Russia ""all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation,"" while ""70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality."""
In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony.
Says the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
"The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perry""has ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats."""
Says Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States.
The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity.
"Eliminating earmarks ""would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."""
Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent.
Sens. Isaksons, Chambliss Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs.
Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook.
Congresswoman Bachmann actually said we should be  'weaned' off our Social Security and Medicare. She wants to privatize Social  Security and replace Medicare with some kind of voucher system.
"Republican leaders said ""no"" to ""tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."""
"Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for ""abolishing Social Security and Medicare."""
"The Republicans' alternative health care plan ""will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."""
Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws.
A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan.
Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least,  it could be as high as 22,000.
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on R&D.
"Americans now ""support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin."""
Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans' benefits over these last years.
The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years.
Cell phone numbers go public this month.
"Says she ""oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees."""
"Says that ""In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water."""
"Says ""my advocacy questioning contracting out in Parks  delayed and altered the renewal of the Brooks contract, and reduced the number of contracted employees in Parks from over 100 to fewer than 40."""
"Says she is ""saving ratepayers $6 million/year."""
"Says ""an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton"" is responsible for ""years of diversions"" from the states unemployment insurance trust fund."
Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world.
Last year, we had zero percent growth in GDP in Virginia ...The only states that did worse than us were Alaska and Mississippi.
"Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz ""opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos."""
"More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to ""partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap."""
In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
"Says Rick Perry's ""Pay to Play"" politics led him to send $899 million to an offshore call center in Bermuda, driving down enrollment in children's health insurance"
Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
Torture is illegal by our laws. It's illegal by international laws.
When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
We're spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy.
It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education.
I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel.
He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership.
"Says he ""did the very best"" in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama."
Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
"The U.S. military ""is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."""
The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel.
If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago.
The founders advised non-interventionism.
Congressman Paul introduces numerous pieces of substantive legislation each year, probably more than any single member of Congress.
We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed.
"Says Rick Santorum ""funded Planned Parenthood."""
"Says Rick Santorum ""opposes right-to-work"""
Says the U.S. federal income tax rate was 0 percent until 1913.
"Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they ""doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education."""
"170,000 of the jobs created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry ""were government jobs."""
"Rick Perry ""was the (campaign) chairman for Al Gore at one time, not too many years ago."""
Prices are going up. Unemployment is continuing to go up.
"Due to the war in Iraq, ""4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome."""
Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process and $5 trillion went overseas.
Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
"Says Rick Perry wrote a letter ""supporting Hillarycare."""
The money supply has doubled in the last year.
"For ""the past year, I was censored"" and muzzled."
Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day.
"Says a new national poll shows ""the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard"" for U.S. currency."
"Says there were only ""about eight or 10"" inflammatory sentences in his newsletters."
"GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain called Ron Pauls followers ""ignorant."""
The country's bankrupt.
In the '80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution.
Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida.
"Says ""our taxes have doubled"" with Rick Perry in office."
The last Christians are about to leave Iraq.
I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
Mr. Renacci was registered as a foreign trade lobbyist in the United States government.
"The financial penalties imposed on gay couples ""can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime."""
Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
"Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is ""more than any presidential candidate in history."""
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
"Says he was known as ""Veto Corleone"" for cutting spending as Florida governor."
We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
"Too many tattoos ""on visible body parts"" keepsome applicants out of the military."
Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. It's been that way now for almost two years.
"Bill McCollumhas ""recovered $200 million in Medicaid fraud."""
When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
"Says in 2002, he ""won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state."""
"Says that during his eight years as Florida governor, ""we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas."""
There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s.
"Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, ""nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas."""
"Florida is ""one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity."""
Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
"The Orange County, Florida, school board ""voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50."""
By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home.
U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science.
Immigrants are more fertile.
Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident.
A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
In 1998, nearly half of Florida's fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
Florida led the nation in job creation while Bush was governor.
I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field).
"Says Donald Trump ""was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican."""
"There has been a 100 percent""increase in student debt under this Democratic White House."""
"Says his ""average federal tax rate"" was 36 percent."
"As a senator, Hillary Clinton ""has her name on three laws in eight years."""
"Says Hillary Clinton""insists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs have to be changed. """
In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion.
Florida has a law like (Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act).
"Hispanic students in Florida perform ""the best"" of any Hispanic population in the United States."
"Says ""Canada has one-tenth of our populationyet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000)."""
In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races.
I released all my emails.
A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices  Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
"The party in the White House is responsible for ""a massive tax increase on the middle class."""
"The Democrats are ""responsible"" for ""the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making."""
ISIS didn't exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
One person has been fired at the Veterans Administration for withholding services.
We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq.
On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country.
"Eliminating affirmative action in admissions in Florida led to ""more African American and Hispanic kids attending our university system"" than before."
1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
There are over 100 pipelines between the United States and Canada right now.
"Florida's revenue ""is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country."""
Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA in its bond rating.
The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is 35 to 40 percent.
"Planned Parenthood is ""not actually doing womens health issues."""
Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare.
Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
The U.S. Postal Service doesnt run on your tax dollars. Its funded solely by stamps and postage.
Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
More than three-quarters of the oil is gone.
The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
"Rail ""doesnt do a great job in lessening traffic."""
Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement.
Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence.
"In Syria, ""we struck a deal where we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out."""
The so-called defense minister of the People's Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
The (Russian) ruble is already going down.
We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11.
Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made.
"The nuclear agreement with Iran ""never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement."""
"On U.S.-Israeli relations, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ""set the record straight  he said, our two countries have 'exactly the same policy' (and) 'our security cooperation is unprecedented.'"""
"Says he ""opposed the presidents decision to go into Iraq"" in 2003."
Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue.
Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013.
In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews.
Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ...shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
Were the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border.
Two-thirds of American families rely on the mother's income to stay above the poverty level.
"Says ""the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nation's as a whole."""
"Gov. Rick Perry ""has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years."""
"Rick Perry is ""taking money away from hurricane victims"" and diverting it to ""remodel the Governor's Mansion."""
Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase.
"A ""massive"" federal computer network will make your medical records available to ""millions of people"" with a ""complete lack of privacy and confidentiality,"" while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face ""stiff penalties."""
  if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!
If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.
"Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law ""behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest."""
New Jerseys once-broken pension system is now solvent.
In Georgia, Perdues company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
Says by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage.
David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
Says David Perdue built his business career outsourcing American jobs.
The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs.
"Michelle Nunn ""spent most of her childhood"" in Perry, Ga."
"Points of Light is ""the worlds largest volunteer organization."""
Austin politicians want to cram more kids into classrooms so they don't have to make the tough decisions to balance the budget.
"Says since 2000, Austins ""tax burden"" rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent."
"Says Rick Perry ""proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico."""
Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white.
"Action by the Milwaukee County Board will ""provide the County Executive with the same level of security as the Governor and the Mayor of Milwaukee while saving taxpayers $300,000."""
"In rural Virginia, ""Sen. Warner ran 8-10 points ahead of a traditional Democrat -- ahead of Senator Kaine, ahead of Governor McAuliffe."""
Deepwater's own testimony . . . is they said they'll create six jobs.
"Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines ""has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases."""
Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
Women have come through the recession worse off than men  the numbers bear that out. We went from a 7 percent unemployment rate for women when he (President Barack Obama) was elected to an 8.1 percent now.
"Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court ""has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans"" otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions."
Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
"Says Mitt Romney ""has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."""
"A request for ""an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."""
"The Republican leadership's budget proposal ""doesn't contain any numbers."""
Amiddle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nations history.
Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
There are no earmarks in the stimulus bill.
Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting.
Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
Every time we've increased the minimum wage, we've seen a growth in jobs.
"In contrast to President Barack Obama, who ""is not acting presidential,"" President Ronald Reagan ""would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on  that's how much he revered the presidency."""
The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
"Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven ""Tea Party freshmen"" who ""spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves."""
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
"For the state of Florida, ""there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards."""
"Floridas ""high school graduation rates continue to increase at the fastest rate in the nation, with Florida leading the nation in the rate of Hispanic graduates."""
High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if theyve appeared in court.
"Chris Christie ""has not increased the taxes on anyone."""
After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January.
Black people are eight times more likely to be arrested than white people in Madison.
"Women ""own just 1 percent of the worlds land."""
Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
"Says Barack Obama is ""trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."""
"Says Mark Warner ""has supported restrictions on veterans second amendment rights."""
"Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, ""who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms."""
"Wisconsins concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering ""all existing (training) certificates insufficient"" as part of the permit application"
"More people die from ""medical misadventures"" than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida."
"Says Barack Obamas regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, ""wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court."""
"The Manchin-Toomey amendment ""would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members"" to get government approval."
"Says Tom Barrett ""voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles."""
Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles.
"Says Barack Obama ""supported Ted Kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition."""
Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it.
Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment.Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns.
Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
"Says Barack ""Obama admits hes coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, We are working on (gun control), but under the radar. """
Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second AmendmentBan use of firearms for home defense.
We've got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, you're less likely to be on public dole, you're less likely to be in prison.
Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is payingjust 41 percent.
Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
"Says Ellen Rosenblum ""has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the governments lawyer."""
"John Raese's wife ""is registered to vote in Florida so she can't even vote for him."""
In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
"Says John Raese said he wants ""1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now."""
Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
"Says ""as a share of the US economy, the governments support for research and development (R&D) has fallen by nearly two-thirds since the 1960s."""
A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.
We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesnt support any of these ideas.
As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies.
"Says in 1944 ""we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now."""
"Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of ""underfunding education."""
The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
"Austin mayoral candidate ""Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade."""
Says he banned texting while driving in Austin.
Over the history of Austin, its always gotten more expensive.
"Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has ""never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall."""
Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
"Republican state lawmakers ""are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid."""
The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline.
Says Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment.
"University of Texas students ""signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old."""
"In Texas, ""a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious."""
In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas.
Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
Most AGs don't go to court..
Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
"Says U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion  Wall Street bailout in 2008, ""but now he is standing in the way of  reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again."""
State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower.
In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad.
ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m. in Chattanooga, Tenn.
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for ""privatizing Social Security."""
SaysJosh Mandels campaign is under FBI investigation
Says Mitt Romneys investments created zero jobs.
Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
Having a baby is aleading cause of poverty spells in the United States.
"Says Cathy Jordan was ""arrested"" and dragged out of her home by ""a SWAT team of hooligans"" for using medical marijuana."
Nobody's addicted to marijuana.
"Says Mark Hass ""raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."""
"Says ""Richard Devlin raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."""
"Says ""the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year)."""
Sixty percent of the Hispanics support the Arizona immigration law
Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle.
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
There's not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007.
I never called for a partition of Iraq.
There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now.
John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops.
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
"Three years ago, John McCain said, ""Afghanistan  we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."""
"Says McCain once said that on ""the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."""
When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did.
First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't.
With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically.
$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
"In Iraq, ""violence is down to an all-time low"" since the start of the war."
"In Libya, ""America spent $2 billion total and didnt lose a single life."""
We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
In the three months before the act took  effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost  about 35,000 jobs a month.
Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days.
John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem.
There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me.
There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it.
First, he was in favor of my plan, now he's attacking it.
Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds.
The vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval.
"The Obama administration's policies ""have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent."""
I don't own a single stock or bond  I have no savings accounts.
"Paul Ryan ""cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for."""
"On ending the war in Iraq, ""Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there."""
"Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would ""eliminate the guarantee of Medicare."""
"Says Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support ""massive cuts in Social Security for future generations."""
The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon  other than these drug gangs taking on one another  end up being shot with their own weapon.
"The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obamas proposed Buffett Rule ""is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000."""
In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes  climbed to 229.
We're not engaged in nation-building in Afghanistan.
"Among the money spent on health care in the United States, ""46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."""
The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year.
One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasnt the way before George Bush became president.
When George Bush said we shouldn't investigate why the government's response to Hurricane Katrina was so incompetent, John McCain stood with him.
"John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction ""for 100-million American families."""
"(McCain) says ""we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."""
"Says McCain ""supported George Bush's policies 95 percent of the time."""
First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year.
Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out.
We weren't told they wanted more security  for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
If Gov. Romney's plan goes into effect  the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
If you shut down Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, it's estimated you'd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
The health care numbers are going up.
"Sen. McCain's tax plan provides ""virtually nothing to the middle class."""
"John McCain said ""he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."""
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq.
"Biden was responsible for ""ending genocide in Bosnia."""
Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that.
When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
General Motors is the largest corporation in the world again.
"Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal ""eliminates Medicare"" in 10 years."
As long as I have served . . . This is the first time  every single solitary decision has required 60 senators.
John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices.
Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills).
In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row.
There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term.
There is a very identifiable Somali community back home in Delaware.
When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
"Rudy Giuliani is ""probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency."""
The president is brain-dead.
"Marijuana is ""less toxic"" than alcohol."
"Says broken compact fluorescent light bulbs ""allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks."""
"The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys ""much, much more"" than it pays attorneys to represent poor people."
"Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a ""female impersonator."""
"A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that ""if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, you're just going to extend joblessness even more."""
"The White House ""branded"" the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a ""Together We Thrive"" logo and slogan."
"Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help ""first responders, teachers, vets and troops."""
"Mitt Romney is ""tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house."""
"Mitt Romney ""supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud."""
"Mitt Romney is worth ""at least a quarter billion dollars"" and the bulk of his wealth ""remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts."""
Newt balanced the federal budget.
Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
"Mitt Romneys and Bain Capitals profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were ""described by the Boston Herald as disgusting."""
"Romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control in Massachusetts, ""hiking premiums, squeezing household budgets."""
Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
"Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly ""discovered"" provisions in state law."
Says the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
For the cost of $5 vanilla soy latte a day, you can get a sweet health insurance plan to match.
Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
"The federal budget bill ""reauthorizes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which provides taxpayer dollars so that the Four Seasons hotel can build a resort in Turkey."""
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
"Says that in the last five years, Texas ""created more jobs than all other states combined."""
[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
"Low-flow toilets ""can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each."""
The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year in grant money.
"Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for ""people making over 350 grand"" than for ""the average middle-class person."""
"You can't bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of what's going on, but ""you can bring a gun up there."""
"Under a new law regulating abortions, ""Even if you're raped, if you don't report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound."""
"70 percent of the people who voted on June 5, 2012, ""just didnt feel comfortable with the recall of the governor,"" weakening any idea that Wisconsin is ""fully behind this Walker agenda."""
"Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members ""voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools."""
Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away peoples rights to collective bargaining.
"Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsins school voucher program ""could cost nearly $2 billion annually"""
More (student-athletes) graduate than the students who aren't student-athletes.
"By 12th grade, ""more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once."""
More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students.
Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
Toledo  is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities  Miami, Las Vegas, Portland  in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues.
"At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving ""at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income"" students, the reading proficiency is 8%."
18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes.
"Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit ""for the first time in decades."""
Wisconsin does not have a deficit. Thanks to Republican reforms, the 2014 budget will begin with a $443 million surplus.
"When it comes to the state deficit, Wisconsin is ""proportionally in as much trouble as the State of California."""
"Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is ""way out of line"" with ""states surrounding us,"" which ""have the second offense as a felony."""
"Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is ""how it is for the most part in the private sector."""
"Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch, her recall opponent, ""voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab forViagra."""
"Says Al Franken ""voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces)."""
"Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members ""support requiring background checks for all gun sales."""
Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
There is no statistical evidence that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings.
"Hitler ""abolished unions and thats what"" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is ""doing today."""
From 2003 to 2006, 'Sesame Street' made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales.
House  Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of  earmarks.
A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith.
"Says President Obama's new immigration plan ""is amnesty."""
"The debt-ceiling bill ""doesnt cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years."""
"The Obama-GOP compromise ""raises taxes, it raises the death tax."""
"The big Wall Street banks, the big corporations give ""many times more"" political donations to Democrats than Republicans."
"Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for ""over $14 trillion in debt."""
We've got more revenue than we ever have.
"There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that ""students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."""
Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure.
We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP was too.
Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities.
"Barack Obama said ""he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."""
"The Chilean ""privatization scheme"" that Sharron Angle supports ""has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage."""
"Under Hosni Mubarak's rule, ""Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel."""
"New Jersey has ""the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average."""
Under this tax cut, middle-class families don't save enough for a week's worth of groceries, while millionaires save enough to go on an exotic vacation.
Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. We've added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.
In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi & Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
"Says ""about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount."""
"Says ""the money is in the budget"" to give a tax break to ""everyone,"" including people making more than $1 million."
"Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is ""not a tax increase. It's a tax shift."""
"Because Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a 30-bill job creation package, ""New Jersey ranks 50th in the nation in job creation."""
Says Bill OReilly spoke 40 percent of the words in an interview with President Barack Obama.
"George W. Bush was ""the least popular president in modern history."""
Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
"Since 1968, ""more Americans have died from gunfire than died in  all the wars of this country's history."""
"Republicans ""made it easier to buy a gun"" in states they won in 2010."
Oregons budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
"The Hyde Amendment""language was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it."""
"Russian annexation of Crimea ""removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election."""
Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
"Says that in Texas, Republican nominees ""get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average."""
Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature  until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching  parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture  commissioner.
"President Obama has ""the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year."""
"The Obama administration ""raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bush's last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years."""
Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.
"After Russia went to war with Georgia in 2008, the U.S. sent a ""very strong message"" to Vladimir Putin by sending ""warships to the Black Sea"" and airlifting ""combat troops that Georgia had in Afghanistan"" back to Georgia."
In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
"Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared ""wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury."""
The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance.
American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation.
Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected state treasurer,  succeeding Ann Richards. Democrats then abolished the position ...  Hutchison later became a U.S. senator.
"Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will ""lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage."""
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
Says if Oregon had limited its budget growth to the rate of population growth plus the rate of inflation, the states all-funds budget would be about $27 billion today, not $60 billion.
The Medford Water Commission was fined $279,000 for dumping plain drinking water into a stream.
"Says ""your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law."""
"Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that ""Social Security is not guaranteed."""
"A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is ""unconstitutional."""
I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
Kathleen Peters refuses to take a stand to repeal Obamacare.
The poverty rate amongst women is the worst its been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst its ever been.
"Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning ""as little as $17,000."""
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
"Says he ""cut taxes by more than $600 million"" when he wasgovernor."
I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
"The United States ""is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two."""
We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost, since the stimulus bill was signed.
The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
"Takes credit for ""substantially reducing the size of the state workforce."""
The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
Tim Kaine doubled down in his support of devastating defense cuts, saying the the deal was the right thing to do.
When I left the Senate, we were on a trajectory towards a balanced budget.
"Tim Kaine proposed ""over $6 billion in tax increases from the time he entered the governors mansion until the time he left."""
The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
"The stimulus bill ""promised to keep unemployment under 8%."""
Repealing and replacing Obamacare  thats going to save $1 trillion over a 10-year period.
Tim Kaine announced he wants to raise taxes on everyone.
"President Obama'shealth care law is ""a government takeover of healthcare."""
Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
"Takes credit for ""reining in"" state spending when he was governor."
China owns more of our bonds than do Americans.
"Sen. Jim Webb ""persists on negating"" Sen. Mark Warners votes"
"The debt is ""nearly $6 trillion more than when President Obama was sworn into office."""
"President Obama, Sen. Harry Reid and Rep. Nancy Pelosi passed a ""$1.2 trillion stimulus bill."""
Congress has spent 66 of the first 100 days of this term in recess.
Forty years ago ... about half of congressional districts were genuinely competitive. Today, only about 10 percent of House races on Cook Political Report are listed as toss-ups or lean to one party.
"Says Tennessee is providing ""millions of dollars"" to virtual school company for ""results at the bottom of the bottom."""
"Says that ""when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent."""
"Says his ""patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine."""
Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education.
"Wayne Powell has a ""stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust"" off of U.S. currency."""
"Small businesses ""create 70 percent of the jobs in America."""
If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
"There is ""a situation in this country where you're nearing 50 percent of people who don't even pay income taxes."""
Youve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.
The budget submitted by Obama will add more to the debt than the outstanding debt of the previous 43 presidents combined.
"Dave Brat ""worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion."""
"TheU.S. economy""is three times asbig as China's."""
There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
"Says the United States is ""the Saudi Arabia of coal."""
"The federal deficit is ""growing."""
"Discretionary spending has ""increased over 20-some percent in two years if you dont include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, its over 80 percent."""
Put simply, less government spending equals more private sector jobs.
"The health care reform law ""offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases."""
"Senate immigration legislation is the ""Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty."""
The CBOs latest report confirms what Republicans have been saying for years now. Under Obamacare, millions of hardworking Americans will lose their jobs.
Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years.
"Because of the health care act, ""The people who have health care and like it in this county are not going to be able to keep what they have."""
"President Obama pushed through the stimulus ""based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent."""
"The jobs bill includes ""President Obama's tax on soup kitchens"""
Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed).
"Says a ""liberal"" immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat."
Harry Reids plan is basically giving the president a blank check.
"The 2009 stimulus bill ""failed to get people back to work."""
"The health care law is ""job killing."""
For every dollar (in the stimulus package) that is spent to help small businesses, $4 is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of Washington.
"Says a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it ""is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."""
"Under Obamacare, ""The IRS will have access to the American peoples protected health care information."""
The National Science Foundation spent $1.2 million paying seniors to play World of Warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain.
"In the past two years, Democrats have ""spent more money than this country has spent in the last 200 years combined."""
"The stimulus bill includes ""$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."""
Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
"Says ""Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit"" and Obama ""reduced Bush Jr.s deficit to just $492 billion."""
Ben Carson is running for president to eliminate dependency on government. But he doesnt mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college.
"Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota ""is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."""
House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers.
"Says Hillary Clinton ""has donated every cent she's ever earned from speaking fees to charity."""
"Says Bobby Jindals parents ""used his birthright citizenship to become Americans, making him an anchor baby."""
"After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin ""is dead broke."""
"Says Ted Cruz ""was just bribed by the Kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies Americas national forests, parks, and other public lands and open them for mining, drilling, fracking and logging."""
"The new health care law will ""force seniors into Barack Obama's government-run health care program."""
New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year.
"Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean ""got a failing grade from conservatives."""
"Recent solar energy policies in Georgia ""have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable."""
"On financial reform, there is ""a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."""
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
"According to a recent poll, ""there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents' (health insurance) plans than young Democrats."""
"The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements ""only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for ""the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."""
Since 1961  our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
I never had a filibuster-proof Senate.
"Obama spent ""40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."""
(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee.
The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around.
"There's not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall ""had anything to do with the financial crash."""
"Says Hillary Clinton ""was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House"" by an officialinquiryon Whitewater."
Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
"Says President Barack Obama ""gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years."""
In the last 29 months, our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs.
It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt.
"After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, ""the next day, there was nothing in the media about it."""
I had the lowest net worth of any American president in the 20th century when I took office.
"The stimulus program ""cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people."""
"Its ""typical"" for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns."
"Solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now."""
We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt.
"Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 ""led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."""
"Barack Obama ""said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."""
One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagan's presidency.
"Says the government has ""gotten the TARP money back plus a profit."""
Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East.
Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate.
"Obama said that ""since 1992, the Republicans have had all the good ideas..."""
"Denies that he said the Obama campaign ""played the race card."""
Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995.
The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasn't passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.
New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
"Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill ""when the stimulus was rushed into law."""
"Under the new health care law, ""if a landscaper wants to buy a new lawnmower, or a restaurant needs a new ice-maker, they have to report that to the feds."""
The House has never failed to pass a budget in the modern era.
Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years.
"In the stimulus, ""$15 million dollars  went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska,  population 165."""
President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent.
PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress.
"As a candidate, President Obama ""declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president."""
About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.
I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one.
The president campaigned against this type of legislation.
"On immigration, ""the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldn't do what he eventually did."""
"Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, ""The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."""
A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill.
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
"Says President Barack Obama made ""unilateral changes"" to Obamacare ""38 times."""
"The Affordable Care Act ""basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create."""
This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country.
"According to the most recent jobs report, ""we've got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs."""
"President Barack Obama has ""announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated."""
About 95 percent of (Ohios) electricity comes from burning coal.
"The United States has ""the best health care delivery system in the world."""
Weve introduced a bill that includes $12 billion in cuts over the next week.
Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers.
Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs.
"The stimulus includes ""$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."""
"Says President Barack Obamas health care law is ""expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs."""
This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.
Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them.
The Social Security trust fund  is already facing imminent bankruptcy.
We've got a personal tax system that's so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the 'stimulus.' 
"The House passed ""cut, cap and balance"" with ""bipartisan support."""
The American people don't want us to raise taxes.
President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone.
In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs.
"Says Vice President Joe Biden ""admits that the American people are being scammed"" with the economic stimulus package."
Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts.
The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics.
The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
"New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by ""$17 billion every year"" and ""potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year."""
"The United States has seen ""a net loss of people with health insurance"" because of Obamacare."
The problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest Americans is that more than half of them are small business owners.
The president went on a stimulus-fueled spending binge that stuck every American man, woman and child with a $50,000 share of this $16 trillion debt.
Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople.
POTUS economists: Stimulus Has Cost $278,000 per job.
"The Bush tax cuts ""created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. We've lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession."""
"President Barack Obama ""took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas. Not one."""
Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs.
The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes....
Its gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker.
There's still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why don't we stop it.
This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years.
The Department of Health and Human Services is providing $160 million to the state of Pennsylvania to set up a new high-risk insurance pool program that would cover any abortion legal in the state.
"Senate health care legislation will ""levy a new 'abortion premium' fee on  Americans in the government-run plan."""
Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do.
"The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research ""would be used by the government to ration care."""
"The Democrat-backed health care reform plan ""will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."""
In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government.
"Says Obama called Israel ""a constant sore"" that infects U.S. foreign policy."
There's no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester.
"Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains ""a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight."""
"Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, ""didnt pay taxes"""
Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
"Says Stefani Carter ""repeatedly used her campaign contributors donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office."""
Says that 9 million to 50 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States.
If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
State lawmakers are spending taxpayer money for parking that billionaire Arthur Blank could build while paying some state employees so little they are on food stamps.
"Some ""20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions"" as a result of ""political favoritism and backroom deals."""
"A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be ""within a day's drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population."""
"Some ""20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions"" as a result of ""political favoritism and backroom deals."""
There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
We're borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
"Federal spending is ""the highest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years (and) revenue is the lowest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years."""
The American people say, don't touch Social Security, don't touch Medicare, don't cut defense. That's 84 percent of the federal budget.
Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!
"Gov. Bill Haslam is ""making our Economic Development department Sharia compliant"" by hiring a woman ""who specializes in Sharia compliance. Thats what her job is."""
"Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed ""the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya."""
There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately.
Says President Abraham Lincoln enforced the Fugitive Slave Act until the Civil War ended.
Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states).
"Says President AbrahamLincoln ""tried to arm the slaves."""
"A bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by President Barack Obama ""in secret."""
"Says George Flinn has been a ""no show"" at scheduled ""forums."""
Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican.
"Obamacarerepresents ""the largest tax increase in the history of the world."""
After (Jeb) Bushs two terms in office, Floridas graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.
For the last decade, Floridians salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
"Florida teachers are ""already paid $5,000 below the national average."""
Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes.
Pam Bonditold a group of lobbyists shell side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
"Dave Aronberg's career legal experience is ""less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney."""
"Gov. Charlie Crist ""sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in Florida history."""
''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race  Republican or Democrat.''
Weve dedicated more money from (Washington Countys) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County.
"About 106,000 soldiers had ""a prescription of three weeks or more"" for pain, depression or anxiety medication."
Super Bowl L by everybody's estimation is a $500 million economic impact to the state of Florida.
Texas has, now, the highest share of minimum-wage workers in the nation.
Most Texans aren't millionaires.
We haven't had a Republican senator in Washington for ... why, I think Clifford Case was our last Republican senator.
The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest wed ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.
"Measures taken by my administration ""have saved taxpayers $1 billion."""
Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.
Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey.
The number of Americans who receive means-tested government benefits -- welfare -- now outnumbers those who are year-round full-time workers.
"Says JoAnne Kloppenburgs side had a ""3-to-1 money advantage"" in the Wisconsin Supreme Court campaign."
Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
"Says, ""In Oregon in 2010, 49 percent of all pregnancies were unintended."""
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
"Texas agriculture is ""at 98 percent efficiency"" in water use and ""just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it."""
We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water.
Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
"Rubio's ""got more experience than Obama had."""
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
"Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an ""at risk"" designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student."
"Says a new state report ""confirms"" that red-light cameras ""lead to more accidents, more injuries and greater cost."""
"Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer ""pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton"" in order to ""get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately."""
Following the catastrophic, cascading collapse of major investment banks on Wall Street in 2007.....Nobody was prosecuted, no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented.
Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.
"Says Rep. Steve Stockman ""basically wants gun-filled zones in schools."""
The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
"Gun ""marketplaces"" on Facebook mean ""ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon."""
"The book Little Red Riding Hood is something ""thats been banned in America,"" but not assault weapons."
More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
"David Dewhurst is ""the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail."""
"Says the Obama administration approved a major disaster declaration for Oklahoma in 2009, when nine of the states 77 counties burned for ""about three days,"" while Texas wildfires have been burning for longer without such a declaration."
On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
"Savings that I achieved helped fund cameras on the border. ""As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated."""
"Says David Dewhurst ""went out for drinks"" during Senate debate on abortion bill."
"In ""the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university."""
"Says Democrat Hank Gilbert ""has a criminal conviction for theft, has multiple years of unpaid taxes, has multiple tax liens and fines, unsafe driving convictions (and) has recently been accused of taking a bribe and is on record lying to the press this year about his criminal record."""
Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
"To deprive underprivileged children ""of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day."""
In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to mens earnings.
"The Department of Homeland Security is ""the only federal department not funded for this entire fiscal year"" by Congress."
"Travis County is ""surrounded by red counties."""
"Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas which is ""tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States."""
I said no to these big bank bailouts.
With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.
As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
Says the main Central Texas food bank is delivering 50 percent more food to the poor than three years ago.
In Austin, Ive got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed  one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations.
The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
The Austin Tea Party and an ultra-conservative millionaire are behind the campaign against the citys light-rail proposition.
The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our countrys bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery.
Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
In this city, there hasnt been a stadium thats lasted more than 27 years.
In Florida alone, more than $3.5 billion a year is spent on health care and criminal justice for illegal immigrants.
Explosive growth in Medicare is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually.
"All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration ""have their own gold-plated health care plans that they're in."""
"The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is ""collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans"" without their knowledge and ""storing it for up to 10 years."""
"The United States spends ""$2.2 billion on free cell phones, $27 million on Moroccan pottery classes"" and pays for ""the travel expenses for the watermelon queen in Alabama."""
The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman dont even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. Theyre not nearly as good.
Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs.
"President Barack Obamas health care reform ""slashed $500 billion from Medicare."""
"The Dodd-Frank financial-reform laws hundreds of new rules will force small banks and credit unions to burn up ""an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance."""
"Common Core ""is not from the federal government,"" they ""do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all."""
The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.
"Under Gov. Scott Walkers public-school budgets, ""a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school."""
The only time over the last 25 years when the states unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
"At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, ""phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members."""
Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
"Says Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke ""has proven on the Madison Board of Education"" that she supports raising taxes and spending."
25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
"Under Gov. Scott Walker, ""employer confidence now stands at 95 percent,"" compared to ""only 10 percent"" at the end of the ""Gov. Jim Doyle-Mary Burke administration."""
"As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted ""budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes."""
"As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a ""shady"" land deal ""from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution."""
"Says Mary Burke's ""2007-'09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310."""
"Says ""over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came"" from Wisconsin."
"Says ""Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregon's children."""
We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free.
Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
In the last six years of Ciancis administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses.
The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state...
"Other Western countries have ended their ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policies."
"Says we will pay the new chancellor ""a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employees benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar."""
Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?
"Today in Selma, Ala., ""the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites."""
Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australias.
Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
"Says opponent Chad Chadwell ""wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children."""
"Gov. Maggie Hassans budget proposal ""raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million."""
Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.
"Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is ""the largest recipient of lobbyist money."""
Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsins mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
"Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich ""is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority."""
"Says ""new mandates are already reducing full-time employment."""
"Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, ""yet he reversed himself and voted to delay"" the employer mandate and the individual mandate."
"Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as ""tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China."""
(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire.
"Millions of Americans are ""paying more and getting less"" under Obamacare."
"Says Kay Hagan ""supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs."""
"Says President Obama said of the national debt, ""If I don't have this done in three years, then there's going to be a one-term proposition."""
"Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as ""half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland."""
"Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as ""$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a plant in Mexico."""
A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't  receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care,  recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases.
A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
"Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo ""raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87"" and ""used a 1994 annuity chart"" to create the pension crisis."
A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
Says his bill, HB 97, would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions.
Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
"Tallahassee is ""the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation."""
"Says George Norcross said the ""TAKEOVER OF RUTGER$ CAMDEN WILL COST NEW JER$EY BILLION$."""
We just don't want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye.
The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent.
The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others.
"Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to ""the evaporation of our Great Lakes."""
"Under President George W. Bush, ""the national debt went from $5 trillion to $12 trillion."""
"Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''Others have slashed the tax rate more /truth-o-meter/statements/2010/mar/25/richard-durbin/durbins-tax-reduction-claim-doesnt-cut-it/Richard Durbin5Under current policies, we're going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years."""
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents.
DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriffs departments in the nation.
Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
"Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was ""fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party."""
"Cranston's 2014-2015 ""budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs."""
We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
"Gina Raimondo ""paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers."""
"After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, ""I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials."""
"In the 38 Studios deal, ""Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust."""
Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor.
"Ken ""Block supports Obamacare."""
"In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is ""like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury."""
"Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ""didn't change his position"" on a two-state solution."
Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hubs treasure trove of personal info.
President Barack Obamas judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the presidents supporters.
Weve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. Thats about 20 a day.
Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
"President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill ""will have government decide"" that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker ""should take a pain pill"" instead."
"David Perdue ""proposes rolling back the clock on womens health care."""
"David Perdue ""opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women."""
Says every day of a special session costs taxpayers $40,000.
The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
"Says in the last five years ""Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee."""
A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about.
"Contends that President Obama ""literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, 'necessarily skyrocket.'"""
Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
"The stimulus bill contains ""$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers"" and ""$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs."""
"SaysBarack Obama voted for the ""very same language"" ofIndiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation ""doesn't have anything to do with this law."""
To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law.
As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent.
"A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will ""participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do."""
"The financial regulatory bill ""will kill jobs."""
"Under the Democratic health plan, families ""will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care."""
Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues.
Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
"The Democrats propose ""a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage."""
"The stimulus has ""$30 million in there to protect mice in San Francisco."""
Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
"Says ""excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers."""
You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
Our recent state budgets have far exceeded population and inflation growth.
Over the last 15 months, we've added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. That's far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
"Extending current tax rates would ""average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires."""
"John Boehner has called for ""repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people."""
The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles.
We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected.
Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
"Say ""in November 2010, voters overwhelmingly supported the idea of creating a (library) district."""
If you're a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if you're from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
Says drug cartels are using social media to offer rebates so more children from Central America get smuggled to the United States.
The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use.
As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
"Says Sen. Rand Pauls 2011 budget ""included a big cut in the CDC."""
"Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started, and ""the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools."""
"Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. ""I did that."""
Says he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
"Mitchell International Airport is the ""the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country."""
"The City of Milwaukee ""uses the building inspection area as a revenue base."""
"The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; ""within the households, its fine."""
"A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts ""to shave 5 full weeks off the school year."""
"On unemployment rates: ""We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent."""
"The U.S. deficit  ""increases at $3 million per second."""
"Ann McLane Kuster is ""for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees."""
America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. It's now number 17.
The expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts ... would be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, about $4.6 trillion over 10 years.
"Ann Kuster ""supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion."""
Says Ann Kuster said the debate over Americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
"Says President Barack Obama ""came into office very concerned about"" wiretappings but ""then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings  (and) he decided  the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck."""
Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
"The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 ""was the first color revolution."""
The Senate immigration bill is  filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college.
Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
Unlike you and me, Congress gets to keep up to $11,000 a year in taxpayer subsidies under Obamacare.
"Congress secured special Obamacare rules ""to prevent their healthcare costs from rising."""
John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama.
Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery.
"GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal ""is a former Clinton Democrat."""
Says she was never a member of the Georgia Log Cabin Republicans.
"Says that President Obama said that ""Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government."""
"A ""fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million,"" will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange."
"Says Hillary Clinton ""laid the groundwork"" for getting chemical weapons out of Syria."
No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
"Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed ""79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings."""
"Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, ""skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers."""
"Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers ""should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash."""
Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
"The average person ""will pay $6,000 more a year"" under Rep. Paul Ryan's Medicare proposal."
From '05 to '09, we've had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours.
Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
"Attacks on Planned Parenthood ""come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care."""
We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
Were only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide.
"The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have ""entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has ""sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats."""
"Georgia loses ""millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks."""
Georgia has the nation's fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
Says that since 1975, redistricting by Texas lawmakers has always been found in violation of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act.
"Ron Klein ""sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging."""
Half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school.
Rick Scotts Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
"Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, ""we were in the middle of the pack."""
The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office.
The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06.
"House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform Americas health care system, but ""the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."""
In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
"Georgia is ""the Saudi Arabia of pine trees."""
"Says ""MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways."""
The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
Without Westside MAX, wed need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures.
The president's party always gets shellacked in midterms. It's only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the president's party actually gained in both the House and the Senate.
"Likens Obama's predicament to 1982, saying, ""when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it."""
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
"Says ""we brought crime rate down by 30 percent"" when he was mayor of Dallas."
"Says opponent David Dewhurst is a ""career politician."""
Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House
Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
Sometimes I was the only 'no' vote on the entire board.
"Bill Heller ""raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids."""
"Company may close, ""all because government essentially says if they don't hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they can't stay open."""
"Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's  ""concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts  having been counted."
"Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is ""allowing mercury to harm our children"" because she voted against an electronics recycling bill."
In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines.
The last major oil spill from a drilling accident in America happened over 40 years ago in 1969.
Obama tells Russia that he'll turn over America's defense system to them if re-elected.
"Property taxes ""are now 18% higher than when(Mark Sharpe)first took office."""
Says it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money
Congressman Perriello voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 90 percent of the time.
"TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, ""increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion"" originallyprojected."
"A cap-and-trade bill would ""destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia."""
"Says the estate tax, ""in many cases,"" forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings."
"Non-defense discretionary spending has increased ""by over 80 percent in the last two years."""
"The Democrats' health care reform law is a""government takeover of health care."""
"Says Tom Perriello voted ""to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China."""
Says Michelle Nunn has acknowledged allowing a convicted felon to hold a fundraiser for her.
"U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn ""earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers."""
"Says Sen. JeanneShaheens ""wealth has surged while in public office."""
In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law.
"Michelle Nunns ""foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists."""
Says Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn supports higher taxes.
On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
"U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell ""wants gun owners in a federal registration system."""
"Planned Parenthood ""raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years."""
The (State Board of Administration) transparency issue got a great airing the last legislative session.
"Says paid family leave is ""a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world."""
"The United States ""has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP."""
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
Says Measure 3-386 will cost a fortune for elections while Measure 3-388 will cost less.
Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
"The federal government has ""77 different means-tested social welfare programs."""
"The national debt is ""larger than our entire annual economy."""
Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
President Obama's recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration won't actually save money because he's going to spend it elsewhere.
Federal, state and local governments have subsidized the production of the Volt to the tune of estimates between $50,000 and $250,000 per vehicle sold.
Only seven of 18 federal food assistance programs have been associated with positive health and nutrition outcomes, while the remaining 11 have not been effective.
Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about.
"Says Obama""exempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law."""
Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
You know how many children in the history of the United States have died in a fire (at school)? Zero.
The president's come out with rules that say, 'No new coal-fired power plants.' 
What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is you're not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants.
"Americans spend ""6.1 billion hours a year"" on tax preparation."
There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there arent enough qualified applicants to fill them.
The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
"Suicide comes from federal government largesse ""saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing."""
In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
We've seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21.
"Says Oregons high minimum wage is the reason why ""by 2011, Oregon's restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the state's minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997."""
"Wisconsin is ""dead last in income growth"" among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term."
U.S. Embassy Celebrates Americas Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
"Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama ""owe $333,485 in back taxes."""
Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes.
The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
The U.S. State Department has ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits for Ebola, prompting concerns that the federal government is anticipating the rapid spread of the virus.
"Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didnt think capturing Osama bin Laden ""makes us any safer,"" but in 2011 called his killing ""historic."""
"Sarah Palin endorsed a Wasilla policy that charged sexual assault victims for their ""rape kits."""
Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
Ninety million Americans either arent working or arent looking for work.
Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns
Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over.  The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination.
"Say Michelle Obama ""mandates"" weighing children in day care."
"The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ""received zero complaints"" about the Washington Redskins name."
"There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to ""466 violent crimes per 100,000"" in the United States."
"Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants ""a taxpayer-funded cellular phone."""
The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.
"The administration has issued rules for ""$1 abortions in ObamaCare"" and ""requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay"" an abortion premium."
Gov. Scott Walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
Says Allen West violatedfederal law by scuba diving with U.S. flag.
"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers ""budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities."""
"Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators ""voted to censor the internet."""
"Obama's dog has his ""own plane"""
Health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries.
"Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen ""took Bribes From Iran  They Back Insane NUKE Deal."""
Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple
Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
"Was Martha Kanter ""dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money"" to save Craig Robinsons job?"
Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders.
Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.
Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, Britishand Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
Says George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak.
"President Barack Obamas latest executive order ""mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of respiratory illness. """
North Korea is telling its people that their mens national team is in the World Cup final.
Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obamas Arrest For Treason.
Florida Democrats just voted to impose Sharia law on women.
"The Bundy Ranch deal is all about Nevada Sen. Harry Reid ""using federal violence to take peoples land in his state so he can package it to re-sell it to the Chinese."""
A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America.
"School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new ""nationwide Muslim outreach program"" announced by President Barack Obama."
Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month.
"Warren Buffett recently said ""Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over."""
"Obamacare provision will allow ""forcedhome inspections"" by government agents."
"The immigration bill includes free ""Obamacars,"" motorcycles or scooters."
"Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
Says Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists.
"Say New Jersey Reps. Donald Payne and Frank Pallone are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
"Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
"Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized ""plutocratic thugs"" and said the Constitution gave Americans ""the shackles of hypocrisy."""
"Photo of ""tea party"" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument"
Clinton's former pastor convicted of child molestation.
"Obama says America is great, but let's ""try to change it."""
Barack Obama loves Che Guevara.
"It was President Obama's ""inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."""
"The Obama administration is using as its ""legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of."""
"A report by the health insurance industry ""ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."""
"Some city of Atlanta employees ""have not had raises in eight years."""
Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
"Laurie Monnes Anderson ""voted to let violent criminals out of jail early."""
In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers' compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.
"Says ""nothing"" in Obamas $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation ""actually secures the border."""
Ronald Reagans signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
"The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create ""special protection for pedophiles."""
"As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, ""I created reserves of home heating oil."""
Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade.
Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.
Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy.
Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely.
Congress only funded half the wall between Mexico and the United States.
Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance.
I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico.
"New Mexico moved ""up to"" sixth in the nation in job growth."
New Mexico was 46th in teacher pay (when he was elected), now we're 29th.
I've got the most international experience here.
Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated.
Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico.
Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier.
"The form students fill out to get college financial aid is ""longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."""
Congress' approval rating is 11 percent. You know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs.
Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary.
Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence.
It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August.
Im the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
"Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, ""failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times."""
Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukees downtown Park East corridor.
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
Last week's three most-viewed television programs wereSunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.
Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined.
"Federal spending is ""all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid."""
"If Wisconsin's governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, ""it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector"" counterparts."
"During the recession, ""the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent."""
"Greece ""has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex."""
Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II  more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
"Says Bernie Sanders chose ""to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988."""
"Says Jeb Bush ""happens to be where a majority"" of Republican voters areon giving legal status to illegal immigrants."
What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it.
"Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, ""the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it."""
"Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt ""to be more conservative."""
"The final pitch of Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series ""was a foot and half probably high and outside."""
Social Security was advocated  in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.
"Wisconsin education agency ""urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege. """
Over 10 years, (extending tax cuts for the wealthy) would add less to the deficit than Obama added with the stimulus in one year.
"Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, ""we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher."""
Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
"Most of the stimulus money will be spent ""not this year, not next year, but in 2011."""
"Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by ""a sneeze or some cough."""
The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in government's competence was under Ronald Reagan.
"Oregons ""three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers."""
"The incandescent light bulb ""has no effect whatever on the planet."""
"Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 ""by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012."""
Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.
"Says President Ronald Reagan ""had a month of job creation of 1 million."""
Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
Very few men outlive their own fertility.
More businesses are closing than are opening for the first time in our nation's history.
Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means youre saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up.
"Pinellas County voters ""elected me as their chief financial officer  (and) elected me as (their) governor four years ago."""
150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents...And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident.
"House Republicans who complained they didn't have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling ""shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling."""
Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average.
"Rick Scott ""was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."""
Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling.
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man.
No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle.
"The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said ""publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didn't know about the problems."""
"When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, ""I've stood up to them to protect local control."""
Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade.
Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
"Says David Jolly ""lobbied on a plan"" by Rep. Paul Ryan that would turn Medicare into a voucher program."
The minute this proposal for near-beach oil drilling came up, I was against it.
Bill McCollum said tax cuts don't work.
"Rick Scott ""has said that he would do away with the Department of Community Affairs."""
Nobody has been talking about it (Medicaid fraud), focused on it, or paying attention to it.
As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!
"Obama supports ""teaching schoolchildren  in 2nd grade, no less  about homosexual relationships."""
"Obama ""supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."""
Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid.
"Multnomah County has faced ""11 straight years"" of cuts"
"Four state Assembly Democrats ""scored a death blow to northeast Wisconsins economy"" by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential Bass Pro Shops near Green Bay."
Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
"Says, ""when this governor came to office, he had (an) 11 billion dollar - I call it mismanagement  deficit."""
The president promised that if he spent money on a stimulus program that unemployment would go to 5.7 percent or 6 percent. Those were his words.
Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
"An annual income of $500,000 ""in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class."""
Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally.
"Says a federal judge ""sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer  for bringing a frivolous lawsuit."""
Tennessees grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
"Says Mitt Romney has said ""we don't need 'more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.' """
"Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that ""he voted against."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher ""breaks earmark pledge."""
"The ""Health Care Compact bill would end Medicare's guaranteed benefit for Tennessee's Medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the state's TennCare program."""
"There are actual cities like Birmingham, England, ""that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply dont go in."""
The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water.
Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act.
"Says Delta Air Lines has ""once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis."""
"The United States is no longer ""top nation in the globe on infrastructure,"" having fallen to 15th."
The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history.
The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget.
Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing.
"The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin ""was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates."""
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
"Oregon concealed gun applications include ""home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house  whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking."""
"The Democratic health care bill will ""collect higher taxes for 10 years  and provide health care for only six years."""
New Castle County's unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands.
The Wisconsin state Assembly chambers extend to the bathroom and the parlor, and rules allow members to vote for each other if the member is in the chambers.
Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
Says gas pumps in different parts of Texas are missing state inspection stickers and/or their inspections are out of date--and that's cheating consumers.
"Says a careless attitude and ""poor oversight by the Texas Department of Agriculture"" led to deaths and illnesses traced to a Texas peanut plant."
Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans.
"Says Texas has so few gas-pump inspectors in the field, ""the HEBs of this state, the Brookshires of this state, they're calibrating their own gas pumps. The (Texas Department of Agriculture) just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them."""
Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's last wedding.
"In Miami-Dade County, ""we spend at our school system over $20 million every year"" educating recent immigrants."
"Social Security and Medicare are ""a Ponzi scheme."""
Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
"Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens ""fights hard"" to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms."
Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.
Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record
Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
After the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax rate cuts ... there was more money coming into the treasury.
"Says Charlotte Nash ""pretends to be a chicken farmer"" in order to get property tax exemptions."
The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
"The city of Brookhavens ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby ""putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy."""
"Says Rand Paul denied that he ""put forward a bill ... to zero out foreign aid and specifically spoke about Israel."""
According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit.
The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
"Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed state budget contained 110 pages of errors -- an unusually high number -- ""and millions of dollars worth of mistakes"" that were corrected with a follow-up document."
"Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel ""is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin."""
You dont see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
If you have a union job, you're making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, you're making $750 a week.
"Due to ""over-incarceration  in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, it's one out of three black men are in the workforce."""
I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody.
By the end of this budget I'm in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
"Wisconsins ""rainy day fund"" is ""165 times bigger than when we first took office."""
"Says he ""paid one dollar for"" a sweater at Kohls."
"Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, ""according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area."""
My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldn't even (increase) the vote there.
"Since I took office, ""Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary."""
Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent.
"Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ""felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people."""
Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
"Wisconsin is called the Badger State because ""our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining."""
"Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to ""participate in union activities such as collective bargaining."""
Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
"In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators ""rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input."""
Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
"Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has ""given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county."""
"Says he ""turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare,"" but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsin's history ""everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid."""
The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
"Wisconsin's pension system is the ""only one fully funded in the country."""
Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
"Says because of his actions, Wisconsin ""property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago."""
"Says ""Hillary Clinton's rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans."""
For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.
"More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, ""I took a higher percentage of the Republican vote""and ""yet I also carried independents by 12 points."""
"Borrowing in my 2015-17 state budget is less than half that in my predecessors last budget and ""the lowest it has been in a decade."""
"The gender gap in his support is ""not unique to me"" and ""theres not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections"" in recent years."
"Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a ""big goal."""
"Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the ""largest private-sector job creation we've had in the month of September in more than a decade"""
More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
"Says Mary Burkes Madison school district ""will be the only school district left in the state"" to ""ignore the (Act 10) law"" in the 2015-16 school year."
"In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ""ranked third in the Midwest."""
"Says he ""invested over $100 million in worker training."""
"Says his ""Act 10 reforms"" have ""saved the taxpayers some $3 billion."""
"(Mary) Burkes company, Trek Bicycles, ""makes 99% of their bikes overseas."""
As Jim Doyles Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.
We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since I've been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
In 2013 we had the largest, the best, private sector job growth weve had in this state since the 1990s.
With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
"Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees ""are still paying about 12 to 13 percent"" of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector ""pay 20 to 25 percent."""
The national debt is on track to double during Obamas presidency.
Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
"Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks ""are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions."""
Nearly a quarter of all adults in this state have some college credit without a degree.
Weve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
"Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted ""double-digit tax increases."""
"Wisconsin state and local government workers pay ""$500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000"" per year in union dues."
"If public employees dont pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, ""the equivalent"" is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years."
The state is able to sharply curtail contract bargaining rights for state employee unions.
Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country.
"Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate, and Wisconsin is ""one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally."""
"My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 -- in November 2014 was ""largely unheard of for a Republican."""
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined.
"Says Bill Clinton signed a law ""very similar to,"" and Barack Obama voted for a law ""something like,"" Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act."
"The woman named Wisconsins 2010 ""outstanding teacher of the year"" was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under ""seniority and tenure rules"" that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes."
"Wisconsin requires, ""by law, a photo ID to vote."""
"Says opponent Mary Burke says she ""supports Obamacare unequivocally and wants to expand it."""
"Under Wisconsin law, ""anyone who knows anything about a John Doe"" secret criminal investigation ""can't talk about it."""
"Under his leadership, more people in Wisconsin ""have access to health care."""
The $3.6 billion deficit we inherited has turned into more than a half-billion-dollar surplus.
"In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, ""the Society of Actuaries points out that there'll be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare."""
Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago.
Says that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive
"Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didn't give them anything in return to make up for that, leading to ""less money"" for school districts"
Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think it's just the wealthy. It's not.
"Kohls Department Stores in 2012 ""announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs."""
Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate.
"The federal government ""reviewed and verified"" his administrations numbers showing Wisconsin added 23,608 jobs in 2011."
"Says Tom Barrett plans ""to spend $100 million on a trolley that goes barely two miles on the east side of Milwaukee."""
"Thanks to our policies, ""for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years."""
"Says his sons were ""targeted"" on Facebook ""by out-of-state protesters."""
"Says 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state ""is heading in the right direction"" and a majority say they will ""grow their companies in 2012."""
We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes.
"Says he never called teachers ""thugs"" and has said nothing but ""great things"" about them during the fight over his curbs on unions"
Says critics who say he cut Medicaid are wrong; his budget added $1.2 billion to the program
Our county now has the fastest growing airport in America, attracting nearly 1,000 new private sector jobs.
Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation.
"Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from ""extortion from a union"" because ""the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions."""
"Says under his leadership ""Wisconsin median household income"" is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama."
"If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, ""the odds are pretty high they're going to keep the baby."""
"Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy ""that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming."""
"Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin ""are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam."""
"Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office ""cost tens of millions of dollars to run."""
"Under Barack Obama, ""the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154."""
The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money.
"In ""the past four or five"" presidential elections, ""people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees."""
"The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-17 ""actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesnt happen."""
Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
"Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke ""implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs."""
"Says the success of his economic agenda is supported by the fact ""we went from unemployment at 9.2 percent when I decided to run for governor four years ago to two points lower."""
Says he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain
Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
"Says Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on ""lifting property tax"" limits."
"The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, ""was kind of a gravy train"" for lawyers."
I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair.
We've seen local union after local union rush to their school boards, their city councils, their technical school boards and rush through contracts in the past two weeks that had no contributions to the pension and no contribution to health care.
"Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will ""make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees."""
In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
"Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result ""the deer population has dwindled."""
"As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker ""eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program."""
Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
"Says his political opponents ""brought 100,000 protesters into our state."""
"Says Thomas Jefferson said ""that government is best which governs least."""
Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border
"Minnesotas ""advantage"" in economic growth has been having ""Republicans in charge of at least one part of government"" for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats ""for many years"" before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship."
I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
"The University of Wisconsin System ""will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America"" because ""going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation."""
My opponent supported policies that increased tuition by 18 percent.
The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact.
In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth.
"Mary Burke ""wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot"" in a move that ""could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million."""
"When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw ""billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage."""
"Says the secret John Doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been ""resolved"" and two judges have said it is ""over."""
"A poll taken ""a few months ago"" found ""70 percent approval or higher"" for the Act 10 collective bargaining law."
Federal government reneging on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-15 state budget.
Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
"Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were ""beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle."" When the car was ""extricated"" from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit."
We are experiencing the worst economic recovery America has ever had.
"Says that in his first two years, ""Wisconsin has seen its best two-year job growth in a decade."""
Obama for President and Baldwin for Senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in Fox Valley, Eau Claire and La Crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle.
"A study showed that President Barack Obamas health-care reforms will ""devastate Wisconsin"" by pushing people off employer-sponsored insurance, driving up premiums, increasing dependency and making 122,000 people ineligible for Medicaid."
"Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are ""the final job numbers."""
We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
"Says recall organizers ""started their website last November"" and began work on their effort before he even took office."
"The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has ""been wrong in almost every election."""
The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-13 state budget
The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.
Under our (2011-13) budget, the average (Wisconsin) property taxpayer will save $700.
Says many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
"Two years ago we had ""the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin."""
Were broke. We dont have any more money.
The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things Ive said publicly all along about the Wisconsin budget debate.
"When it comes to protesters in Madison, ""almost all"" are now from outside of Wisconsin."
I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years.
"The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments ""is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs."""
Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
In Wisconsin, 98 percent of all small businesses will qualify for income-tax relief under my plan, freeing them to expand and create jobs.
The Madison-Milwaukee (high-speed) train line is dead.
Scientists have shown us (that) the greater possibilities, the real science movement, has been with adult stem cell research. It has not been with embryonic.
Says Mark Neumann = Nancy Pelosi
"Fundamental changes made to the language describing the Wisconsin Idea in the University of Wisconsin System's mission statement were the result of a ""drafting error."""
"Documents released from the Soviet Union show ""the Soviet Union started treating"" President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers."
Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him.
"With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, ""the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years."""
We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow.
"Wisconsin has created ""just under 100,000"" jobs since he took office."
A 10-year state program that created 202 jobs at a cost of $247,000 per job was approved by former Gov. Jim Doyle.
"Wisconsin is broke, and ""state government is $3 billion in debt."""
"A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota ""makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents."""
"Says under his budget-repair bill, ""collective bargaining is fully intact."""
"Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an ""operational profit year after year."""
"Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature ""managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session,"" reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires."
Some of the colleges, including A&M, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. We're 16th today.
In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate.
There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips because of sequestration.
"Says Texas schools have had ""massive increases"" in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor."
"A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be ""the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school."""
Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
I have always been focused on reining in the deficit.
Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans  and 95 percent of gun households in the state  support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
"Says ""94 percent of (Marco Rubio's) constituents support a universal background check."""
We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working.
McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
Unfortunately everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times. That's why I voted to cut my own pay along with the pay of our state employees.
Says Rick Perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
"If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give ""Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."""
"The Miami Dolphins ""are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes."""
"Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, ""is common in (the vote-tabulation) process."
"$29 is what ""families on SNAP (i.e. food stamps) have to live on for a week."""
"Says opponent Kathie Tovo ""believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods."""
The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades.
Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China.
Says each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
"Says ""About 7 in 10 of Oregons inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses."""
"Says Measure 11 is ""one of the most significant reasons"" for decrease in violent crime."
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage.
Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs.
Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009  the single largest in American history.
"Marijuana today is ""genetically modified,"" with THC levels that ""far surpass the marijuana"" of the 1970s."
Eighty percent of those who have applied for licenses have no cancer, no Parkinson's disease or glaucoma. They have nothing you would associate [with] the use of medical marijuana.
The largest number of bankruptcies in our country are really as a result of health care.
One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies.
Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
"Says Barack Obamas ""favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent."""
The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias.
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
"Says ""the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nation's economy."""
"Says the Treasury Department ""says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax"" that ""would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs."""
"Says the Austin City Council ""may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track."""
Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Says one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shades biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.
We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person.
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
"In Wisconsin, a ""second arrest for carrying pot is a felony,"" but a second or subsequent arrest ""for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor."""
"In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 ""uses of deadly force"" by police in the United States."
"Research found that ""over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds."""
"Says 85 percent of Milwaukee shootings involve ""people with extensive criminal records shooting other people with extensive criminal records."""
99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools.
We aren't the only state cutting back on public television.
"Proposed fees for Rhode Island beaches will still be ""less than some of the town beaches."""
"Embryonic stem cell research is at a ""dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment."""
This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
Theres no wildlife in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
"Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, ""you don't get refills -- you get it forever."""
Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
"Says shes never said ""dont build"" Texas 45 Southwest."
"The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million ""to develop and run their torture program."""
"Says 3,000 Americans ""died of gunfire"" between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections."
The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
"Since Sept. 11, 2001, ""270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home."""
"Greg Abbott ""activated the state guard to monitor"" Jade Helm 15 ""in case the troops try to impose martial law, disarm innocent Texans, and detain them in tunnels beneath closed Walmart stores."""
"Last election, the Koch brothers ""spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined."""
Says women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
"There ""are 500 registered Republicans moving"" to Texas ""every day."""
Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
"Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker ""increased his own pay by $50,000."""
Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
"Florida has the ""third most-regressive tax"" structure."
"In Florida ""we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists"" for community care for the elderly."
Were 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education.
$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
"Says he has ""never received any contributions from the Koch brothers."""
"Says taxpayer resources are being used ""to facilitate private political agendas"" through automatic payroll deduction of union dues."
We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor.
"Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, ""we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans."""
"Redskins is ""used historically"" as ""a term of respect."""
"Toledo Mayor ""Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money."""
"Says the reforms in state Issue 2 ""will save taxpayer dollars"""
Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
"Says ""New Jersey's public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation."""
As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires.
Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be 'gang-intervention specialists.' She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
134,000 (criminal) aliens have been released by the (Obama) administration in just the past two years.
"The new Ukrainian government ""introduced a law abolishing the use of languages other than Ukrainian in official circumstances."""
"The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is ""larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries."""
Says Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest.
Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States.
Georgia had the worst job losses in state history under GOP watch.
"Said he won the Democratic primary ""without one ... negative TV spot."""
"The state Legislature attempted to ""outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."""
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgia's rape shield law.
I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency.
"When Roy Barnes was governor, ""Georgia created 235,000 jobs."""
Georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state Capitol.
Its been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics.
"Says ""6 percent more Republicans across the state voted than Democrats."""
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
Theyve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
Two thirds to three quarters of people without [health] insurance in Rhode Island work.
"She ""led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million."""
Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
Says this months special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators daily living expenses.
"Pending a federal waiver, the 2013 Legislature ""eliminated the overtesting of students in grades 3-8 by decreasing the number of tests from 17 to 8."""
Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
"Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the state's largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported ""Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas."""
"Patrick Rose ""voted to explore a state income tax."""
Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
"Says ""I've authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century."""
Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
"We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's ""and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."""
"In the House health care bill, ""Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."""
In the 2011 legislative session, DEQ's budget was cut 18.5 percent  a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies.
"Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen ""maybe about 10 inches since that time."""
Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesnt live in the district shes hoping to win in 2012.
The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state.
Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
"Houston is ""the third-most toxic city in the United States of America."""
When we go to vote, they ask for driver's license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas.
"Says he ""brought 1,200 jobs to Texas by moving his factories here from China."""
Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
My opponent... lost 43,000 jobs in Houston since he took over; we are losing jobs.
We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas.
"Bill White ""is discriminating. He's taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends."""
"Says TriMet spends ""$10.3 million in police contracts"" a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls"
From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
"Rick Boucher ""helped write"" the cap-and-trade bill"
The Government Accountability Office estimated (Obamacare) will add to the long-term deficit by $6.2 trillion.
Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan.
Not even expensive bottled water, like Perrier and Evian, are of good enough quality to pump out of mines in Southwest Virginia, according to the EPA regulation.
On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
A new ruling by the EPA would force dairy farmers to comply with the Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Program when dealing with spilt milk -- the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow.
Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year.
[State Rep. Doug McKillips] donors deserve a refund.
"In Texas, ""the No. 1 name for new male babies  many of whom will vote one day  is Jose."""
Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia  a state that last year did the NRAs bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws.
Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
"There have been 74 ""school shootings in America since Sandy Hook."""
The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns.
We have more people working in the state of New Jersey today than we've ever had in our history.
New Jersey's citizens are working at the highest rate in three years.
Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
The number of inmates since 2000 on death row dying of natural causes has now surpassed the number of inmates executed.
House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
"The Florida Supreme Court has ""no express authority in the Florida Constitution"" to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature."
"ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was ""released by Obama in 2009."""
Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax.
The Georgia Department of Education has implemented a new policy beginning in August that states that public schools will no longer accept credits from home school entities or non-traditional education centers.
"Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse ""cures and treatments that no health agency supports."""
The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
"A ""regulatory thing"" means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera."
The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
"Says Jim Frishe wanted to ""tax us for doing our taxes"" through an accountant."
We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations.
Says Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field.
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
David Perdue supports Common Core
"A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that ""maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference."""
Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
"Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now ""than any other time."""
The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined.
If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
Wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy.
"Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill ""before they were against it."""
Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
"Obamacare ""already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance."""
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
"Dan Patrick was the only state senator ""who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses."""
Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children.
"Our ""trade with Mexico is $720 million a day; thats our No. 1 trading partner."""
"Dan Patrick said that if women ""get paid less than a man for the same job, that thats not a problem."""
Says residents of Texas and San Antonio can be fired or denied jobs because they are gay.
Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary.
"Says Bill White's program to bring dropouts back to school was ""so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated"" it."
"The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams ""goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays."""
Says Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to state's public universities.
Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves.
Says only about 250 Texans have been killed in action since 9/11.
"In 2013, Dan Patrick voted ""against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free."""
"Tim Kaine ""reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition..."""
Says Barack Obama is a Muslim.
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
"In June 2012 ""we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created."""
"Florida Democrats ""put my Social Security number and my wife's Employment Identification Number in a mail piece."""
"In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, ""you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each."""
Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years.
"The U.S. ""had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down."""
"In Afghanistan ""the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' """
U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
"President Barack Obama ""ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens."""
After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
"Says Patrick Murphy is trying to ""hide his drunken assault of a police officer."""
In the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, it was the Democrats who cut $500 billion from Medicare. And they also put in place the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 15 unelected bureaucrats, which will be making decisions about health care for our seniors and for all Americans.
Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes.
"The Navy ""is bringing charges against"" a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter ""for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property."""
EPA wants to regulate  the family BBQ.
More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
"An ""Obamacare slush fund"" paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an ""anti-obesity campaign."""
"The EPA ""wants to hire 230,000 new government regulators that will cost the taxpayer $21 billion."""
This is the first time in the history that we've had the raising of a debt limit also with spending cuts.
"China owns about 29 percent of (the U.S.) debt.''U.S. residents and institutions own the majority of U.S. debt/florida/statements/2011/jun/14/allen-west/rep-allen-west-says-china-holds-29-percent-us-debt/Allen West4We had an amendment in the health care law that said the federal government is going to take over education."""
Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views.
"Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to ""Obamas Environmental Protection Agency."""
"About 78 to 81 House Democrats ""are members of the Communist Party. ... Its called the Congressional Progressive Caucus."""
If you look at the application for a security clearance, I have a clearance that even the president of the United States cannot obtain because of my background.
"Ron Klein ""repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants."""
Farouk is on fire.
"Georgias illegal-immigration legislation ""simply follows existing federal law."""
Social Security doesnt contribute a penny to the deficit.
The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery.
"A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down ""as we headed into an election season."""
Weve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- its down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.
Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born.
State support for local schools per pupil has decreased by at least 25 percent over the past decade.
Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
"Since parole abolition, Virginia's ""crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and thats the second lowest in the country."""
There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family.
"Virginia Democrats recently enforced voter ID rules that were ""considerably more stringent than those contained in the state law they denounce."""
Mark Herring voted to allow sex offenders, including rapists, to serve shorter sentences.
"There were ""$2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012."""
The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
Salaries for Virginias teachers are below the national average.
"Public education has been permanently cut""by $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula."""
"Teachers ""are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases."""
"Most of the Bush tax cuts went to people ""in the top 3 percent of this country."""
During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you cant even make half the poverty level.
"State House incumbent Jill Chambers, R-Atlanta, ""personally profits from taxpayer money."""
Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
"Says she ""wiped out"" the state Agriculture Departments inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores."
The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of glow in the dark human-jellyfish hybrids.
Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors.
"Says, ""Carl proposed a 'windfall' tax on real estate development when he was a Metro Councilor."""
Says Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring.
"Ohio's judges, ""compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid."""
Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
There's going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
Thirty-five states have accepted high-speed intercity rail money.
Its coming. Nobody can stop this train.
"$50,000. That's what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill."""
Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
Carol Shea-Porter  wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators.
Says the majority of candidates in Texas 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
"Says Charlie Crist's campaign bashedSen. Bill Nelson's ""big-government solutions."""
"The president's health care proposals will cause ""most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage."""
"Ed Perlmutter voted for ""Viagra for rapists"" paid for with tax dollars."
Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
"Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's ""No. 1 private contributor."""
"Because of the health care law, ""by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies."""
Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America  nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.
"During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, ""wages for working people remained frozen."""
"During the Reagan era, ""the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."""
"In the 1950s, ""A lot of people got rich  and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."""
The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined.
"During the Reagan administration, ""Millions of people were thrown out of work."""
"After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, ""Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."""
"Says during George W. Bushs administration ""we were losing millions of jobs per month,"" while under Barack Obama we have ""three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month."""
All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
The majority actually want single-payer health care.
"During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for ""spiritual counseling."""
Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks.
"Liberals have figured out a Facebook algorithm and ""all the people getting banned from Facebook are somehow conservatives."""
He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps.
The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama.
I didn't say it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
"A majority of Americans ""since Harry Truman days"" support single-payer health insurance, or ""full Medicare for all."""
Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
"Says that in some Texas communities, ""our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent."""
Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered.
Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio.
"A government shutdown ""could disrupt ... veterans' benefits."""
"Says Damascus disincorporation would produce ""NO significant tax savings."""
"Outside of recall elections, ""there's never been a public official removed from office"" in Wisconsin ""for anything but malfeasance in office."""
It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Strickland's income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs.
Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
"The Obama administrations ""green"" stimulus program ""funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms,"" creating thousands of jobs in China."
U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS.
"Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an ""overall tax hike."""
Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.
A lot of the problems with forest fires ...is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats.
"On climate change, ""the temperature readings have been fabricated, and it's all blowing up in their (scientists') faces."""
"Earth ""has not warmed for the last 17 years."""
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
"Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure ""down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch."""
Qataris don't really work.
Aphotograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
"Ron Oakley's ""conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats"" as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by ""58 percent in the four years he served on the board."""
"Says Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only ""passed one bill, the naming of a building."""
"Says Mark Begich ""has taken campaign cash from the Kochs"" while Dan Sullivan hasnt."
"Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obamas economic policies ""97 percent of the time."""
Sen.Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens.
As Alaskas attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed stand your ground. 
Macy's sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
"Democrats give ""Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls."""
Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns.
"Says president is spending $2.2 billion to give away ""ObamaPhones."" "
John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz.
"In every poll, John Cornyn ""always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about."""
"Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a ""new international gun registry."""
"John Cornyn ""voted twice in 2013 to back Obamas amnesty plan."""
"Members of Congress ""have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression,"" meaning they've gone ""eight decades without a pay cut."""
"Says Joe Garcia ""voted to raise our utility rates."""
For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
I have the most Grammys of anyone my age, but I haven't won one against a white person.
"Says he ""voted no on the Wall Street bailouts."""
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if they've been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
"The ""six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border."""
"Says opponent Beto ORourke ""wants to legalize drugs."""
"Says 282 Texas school districts have requested emergency waivers to increase elementary school class sizes because of ""unprecedented fiscal challenges."""
An audit of the last census found that over 370,000  people living in  Texas were not counted, and our state lost an  estimated $1 billion in  federal funds as a result.
The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
"Tax increases could ""come into play"" as a result of the debt ceiling deal."
"Since President Barack Obama took office, ""2 million more Americans are out of work."""
[A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years.
"Medicare ""premium support"" backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan ""is not vouchers."""
When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
"U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was ""partly right"" that a woman's body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesn't occur if she's raped."
"The health care law is ""the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country"""
"Under last years health care reform, ""a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy."""
"Under current U.S. immigration policy, ""literally one person with a green card"" can, in the extreme, bring in more than 270 of his relatives."
The federal government can tell General Motors what to charge for its automobiles.
"Amid the ""crisis at our southern border,"" there are ""reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as  Ebola virus."""
We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bush's last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
"Says a Justice Department memo ""directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality."""
"Says President Barack Obama has ""not proposed one thing that would change"" the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary."
Eighty percent of Wall Street executives and their spouses' donations go to Democrats.
Says al Qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in Mexico.
Says George Washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny.
"Says Gov. Rick Perry has been ""begging"" for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border."
"Says that ""all those who do not answer directly to the president, they've said (repealing Don't Ask, Don't Tell) is a terrible idea."""
Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance.
Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children.
We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast.
"Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has ""never held a job nor run a business"""
The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governor's signature on a death warrant to end the case.
If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000.
Says that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the states SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws.
Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia.
FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition.
The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
"The California governor ""says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum"" in vaccines."
"In Wisconsin, ""6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans."""
"Says that ""the state spends more money on tax giveaways than it receives in tax collection."""
"Says ""while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion."""
"Says ""were losing one voter every 13 minutes."""
"(Dennis) Richardson wants to make drastic cuts to services we depend on: schools, home care for seniors, even public safety -- all so Richardson can keep more than $440 million in unspent funds for his political priorities."""
Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
Unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the (Statehouse) building.
"Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq ""too fast."""
I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking  trash and turning it into cash.
Jeff Mann has an ethics complaint against him alleging he used county workers for campaign work, which is an indictable offense.
Four years as a congressman, he [U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson] never talked  about MARTA.
"Rhode Island ""charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country."""
"Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a ""pre-existing condition."""
Texas would have to increase current state spending by 28 percent just to reach the national average for spending per resident.
The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills.
"Allen West called Social Security a ""Ponzi scheme"" and said ""this country's got to get on sound footing by destroying it."""
West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign.
"In the ""do-nothing Senate,"" there are 352 House bills ""sitting on Harry Reids desk awaiting action,"" including 55 introduced by Democrats."
Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
"Says in ""our region,"" 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded."
Texas population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
"Says more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to ""make the books look balanced."""
"Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw ""a benefit"" from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges."
Says U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia.
Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
In 1940, only 7 percentof Germans were Nazis.
"Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a ""compromise vote that cost $788 million"" in higher electricity costs."
"The Convention Center ""was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime."""
Our welfare system now consumes 42 percent of our budget.
In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the state's temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
"President Barack Obama has the ""power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country."""
"The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE ""database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls."""
"The Senate immigration bill ""unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration.  We're talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years."""
(Jeff) Atwater's bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC.
(Jeff) Atwater's busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish it's dubbed the 'Taj Mahal,' $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor.
We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
"Says President Barack Obamas debt commission recommended converting Medicare ""to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market."""
"Georgias CRCT ""set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation."""
"Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst ""promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."""
"Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit ""unlimited carbon pollution into our air"""
"Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in ""unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce."""
"Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and ""the biggest expenditure at the state."""
"The proposed education changes ""will not cut one teacher's pay."""
Insured Floridians pay about $2,000 for every hospital stay to cover the cost of the uninsured.
"Says unions ""take away"" hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics."
"Says ""union bosses"" bused protesters to aCentral Florida education protest."
The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000.
Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon.
"Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million ""to study exotic ants."""
41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China.
U.S. Rep. Paul Broun has not authored any legislation that has been adopted by Congress.
"A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also ""prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which"" food stamps could be used for organic foods."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsins) technical colleges."""
"Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants ""not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors"" with no oversight."
We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation.
Taxpayers subsidize 80 percent of each MARTA trip
Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks.
Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield.
"Says President Barack Obama ""has allowed, each year he's been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... They've declined every year since President Bush left office."""
In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election.
"Elena Kagan ""violated the law of the United States at various points"" with her opposition to military recruiters."
"The immigration bill ""has a specific provision that says that Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to."""
"Says ""Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL."""
[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlanta's transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year.
I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon  Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon.
"Says Republicans ""have declared that theyre going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program."""
One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
"Says ""city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget."""
Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
"The DREAM Act the ""would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens."""
The best evidence is that you lose -- if you use marijuana as a teenager regularly -- eight IQ points.
"Says ""New Jerseys $1 billion horse racing industry  employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland."""
"Says ""the most dangerous time for children"" is from ""3 to 6 p.m., during which time juvenile crime rates triple"""
The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
"Texas ""children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching."""
Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
Says that over the last decade, the state's population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
"Says that before Rick Perry became governor, ""only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent."""
Says Gov. Rick Perry's administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
"Georgias HOPE scholarship is ""still the richest scholarship program in America."""
"Says black women are ""fastest-growing demographic group in ... Texas seeking concealed handgun licenses."""
Says the Beaumont school districts superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings.
"The property appraiser's budget ""is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago."""
Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the 'Taj Mahal' courthouse.
Ken Lanci is a lifelong Clevelander
"Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use ""untrained corrections officers"" rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront."
"Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans ""employees from talking about climate change."""
"Lizbeth Benacquisto ""broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors."""
"Lizbeth Benacquisto's supporters ""would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a woman's life."""
[W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits.
Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
"Gov. McAuliffe's budget would ""raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA."""
Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
"Phil Puckett ""voted no on sending the EPA a message that theyve gone too far not once, but twice."""
"U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina ""has a labor shortage and wants more immigration."""
In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
"One year today since #GOP took control of the House and ""no new jobs."""
Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities.
"California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, ""gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount"" effort in 2000."
"Jerry Brown ""gave California state employees collective bargaining powers"" and ""now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life."""
"Steve Poizner ""increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."""
There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed.
We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children.
Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act.
The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her.
With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed.
We're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the $500 billion we've spent there
"Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are ""caused by medical problems."""
John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have changed their positions (on the Iraq war withdrawal) to follow Chris Dodd.
"Says Texas state funds were spent on ""a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating."""
"Says a ""rape kit"" can be used to ""clean out"" women, ""basically like"" dilation and curettage."
Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the states debt.
We just cant afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits.
Creflo Dollar needed a $65 million Gulfstream G650 to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies -- as well as the Word of God -- worldwide.
Im running the second-largest county district attorneys office  at 1985 staffing levels.
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
"Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, ""You can't do everything."""
Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year.
"Says Jeb Bush ""oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure."""
"When Rick Scott ""was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times."""
"Says Rick Scott ""oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nations history."""
Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame.
"Says Rick Scott ""cut education to pay for even more tax breaks for big, powerful, well-connected corporations."""
"Taking the Fifth Amendment in a deposition about the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he founded ""means a truthful answer to the questions that (Rick Scott) was asked would incriminate him."""
In ad attacking Rick Scott, says three executives of the Columbia/HCAhospital chain he ran were indicted.
"Bill McCollum ""cost the rest of us billions"" as a member of Congress, including a national debt that ""skyrocketed"" to $4.7 trillion."
"Says David Jolly ""supports privatizing Social Security."""
"Gov. Rick Scott ""backed the federal shutdown."""
"Bill Gunter would ""drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations."""
"Rick Scott ""increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits."""
"Says Mitt Romney belittled middle-class tax cuts ""as nothing more than 'little Band-Aids.' """
"A study ranked Florida ""No. 1 in government corruption"" under Gov. Rick Scott."
"Says Rick Scott called education not a ""core function"" of the state."
"Says ""Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal."""
Shows in a television ad that police took evidence fromSolantic, Rick Scott's new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in Florida in 2012.
McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' 
Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security.
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car.
The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion in the 2009 session.
"U.S. Rep. Bill Young ""has accepted $737,000 from lobbyists and recipients of his earmarks."""
Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.
Says Peter DeFazio votes with Nancy Pelosi 86 percent of the time.
Ohios lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
"Says Ohio law gives tax breaks ""to rich people who own private jets."""
And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.
Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. Its just another day at the office for Vin Gopal.
Darryl Hicks had seven ethics violations and didn't pay most of the fines.
It's been 17 years that we've had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
"Says ""$1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS."""
While 9,000 state employees were added to the states payroll, Oregons revenue forecasts dropped by more than $4 billion.
Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
"Says Oregon state employees received a ""catch-up"" pay raise in 1981 -- just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit."
Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession.
"Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill ""won't actually stimulate the economy."""
The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019.
"The Senate version of the health care reform bill ""allows taxpayer  money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in  the bill."""
When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home.
"President Obama said ""22 times"" he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order."
Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. governments American Community Survey.
"Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will ""pay every tax possible, but you dont get a single benefit"" for 10 years."
"Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and ""overstayed their visa."""
We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. That's more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined.
"Says President Barack Obama was responsible for ""the assassination of at least four American citizens"" in drone strikes."
"David Alameel ""is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates"" including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott."
Weve got four Supreme Court justices who  signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense.
"Rick Perry ""has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections."""
"Says a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is ""one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free."""
I've been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.
"The proposed transportation bill ""could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history."""
Any state tax law has to start in the House and the renewal of the state hospital bed tax this year started in the Senate, which is unconstitutional.
"The General Assembly ""has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us."""
Rebuilding three high schools will benefit 40 percent of Portland Public School students.
Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children.
"Says Scott Walker enacted ""the biggest cuts to education in our states history."""
"Says she got unions to agree to ""about $10 million in reduction"" of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin."
Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
Together we added more jobs than any other area while I was Dane County executive.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""didnt balance the budget"" so ""we now have a larger state deficit 14 months into (his) term than we did when he was elected."""
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker doesn't make his calendar public -- ""he's on our dime and we don't know where he is."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills ""in secret."""
"Wisconsin women ""are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job."""
"Says Wisconsin women facing pay discrimination can't ""do something about it"" under bill passed by Republicans."
"Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, ""we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades."""
Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit.
When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions on health care.
Says President Barack Obamas proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.
[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share.
"The fiscal cliff deal ""increased spending."""
"The fiscal cliff deal ""ultimately raised taxes."""
"Congress gave an unelected board ""the power to deny care to seniors."""
"Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be ""empowered to enforce"" the new health care legislation."
"New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul ""will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed."""
The U.S. won't default, because default means that you don't pay your creditors. And it takes about 10 percent of the money that's coming in right now to pay interest to bondholders.
Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decaturs city schools.
A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
"Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has ""deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work."""
"Says ""if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates."""
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
"Chris Christie ""helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage."""
The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
"Because of the current immigration crisis, Republicans want to ""repeal"" a 2008law that President George W. Bush signed and ""want to be on record as not wanting to protect children from ...sex trafficking."""
"Says critics called the original GI Bill ""welfare."""
The president and vice president can't be from the same state.
There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea.
"Biden is ""one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."""
Barack Obama's health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English.
Theres a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't.
All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board.
There's no rationing in any of these bills.
A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse' campaign] money is coming from special interests.
"The ""Buffett rule"" ""raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year."""
Sheldon Whitehouse's failure of leadership, the adding of almost $8 trillion in debt in his first full term, is shameful...
"President Obamas health-care law will ""add trillions of dollars in debt."""
President Obama gave Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars.
Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages.
There's no money in Social Security.
"Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a ""$525-billion tax increase on the middle class."""
"U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ""rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses."""
Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
"Says Joe Straus ""was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education."""
Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
25 percent of all drug-related fatal vehicle accidents in the U.S. involve marijuana.
"A proposed amendment ""allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent."""
The governors budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016.
In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula  have saved over half a billion dollars.
Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicare's most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage.
"Floridas proposed Health Care Freedom Act ""will allow Floridians to opt out of Obamas govt. takeover of healthcare!"""
No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate.
"Says ""many states"" are floundering under crushing deficit spending."
"As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, ""which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin."""
"Says ""Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother."""
"To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used ""a credit card"" approach that ""pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren"" costing state taxpayers ""more than $150 million in interest."""
Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
"Says Scott Walker ""eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession."""
"Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena ""is not feasible under state law."""
"Among the nations 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the ""only one"" where the poverty rate is more than ""four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs."""
"40 percent of U.S. gun sales ""are occurring outside of"" licensed gun dealers."
"Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker ""are not commonly used"" to measure job creation."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker ""has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country."""
"Says ""Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill."""
When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.
"A state reports ""projection is that approximately half of public employees"" would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements."
Walker says hes for lower taxes. But Milwaukee County spending has gone up by $349 million.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker made ""draconian cuts"" to public safety budgets that put police officers at ""greater risk of harm."""
No one on my staff has ever been charged with a crime.
"Says Gov. Scott Walker is ""cooking the books"" by releasing numbers ""he just dreamed up"" that show Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker said ""no to equal pay for equal work for women."""
"Says ""Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research"""
"Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands and ""wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder."""
"Says ""the headlines  tell the story"" of how Walker has ""mismanaged"" Milwaukee County"
Under Tom Barretts leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years.
For most black people in the history of this country  it was illegal to pass as a white person. You were actually put in jail if you tried to pass.
The [Georgia] General Assembly took away the Atlanta Board of Educations oversight of the superintendent.
"Says theres not ""much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything."""
"The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is ""an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960."""
In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later we're nearly the highest.
"In the 1980s, ""The lowest income people had the biggest gains."""
"Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has ""a 92 percent voting record."""
Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obama's jobs bill.
"Says Bill Nelson voted ""98 percent of the time"" with Barack Obama."
"A small business in my district needed ""31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand."""
I have a very conservative voting record.
"The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget ""would balance our budget by 2019"" and ""continues to gain support."""
Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt.
"Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend ""$144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine."""
Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times.
Bill Nelson voted for higher taxes 150 times.
"Says Bill Nelson ""voted to raise our taxes 150 times."""
I have always said that I would be for drilling.
This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obama's top advisers. It was drafted by President Clintons top advisers.
Rhode Island will become just the second state to mandate the vaccine  and the only state to do so by regulatory fiat, without public debate, and without consideration from the elected representatives of the people.
Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour.
DEP has 2,812 employees, the lowest level since the mid-80s.
One of the reasons that Budweiser stayed in New Jersey is the money they got from RGGI to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs.
A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist and I never allow conspiracy theorists on my program.
"The ""mega-rich"" pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class ""fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot."""
An overwhelming majority of Republican and Democrat law enforcement leaders have endorsed Brad Schimel.
"Heroin and prescription opioids are ""the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin."""
"Says attorney general candidate Jon Richards ""went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed."""
Mayor Fung wants to punish our children's education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year.
Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI drivers license.
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
"Says, ""Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent."""
Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
"Says ""in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000."""
"Says, ""Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average."""
"Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up ""costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012."""
Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
Social Security has never contributed one cent to the deficit. Not one cent.
400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care through the Affordable Care Act.
Says Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.
I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act for transportation and infrastructure.
The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market.  I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000.
90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance.
Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
Workers who pick produce in Georgias fields can make $12 to $18 an hour.
The coalition of Arab states against Libyas Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregons kicker system.
Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.
"During ""the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person."""
"Dan Patrick ""called for increasing the gas tax and the state sales tax."""
"Says Dan Patrick ""supported giving a $5,000 taxpayer-funded voucher to every family to buy a car."""
"In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants ""more of Texans private data"" via health care."
Says Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer.
Says the Republican  state convention is  actually larger than the Republican National  Convention.
"Dan Patrick ""got caught not paying his taxes"" and ""pocketed his employees payroll taxes."""
"Says he ""passed"" eight measures, including ones to prevent groping at airport security checks and to bar ""sanctuary"" cities in Texas."
Says that when adjusted for inflation and population growth, state general revenue spending has decreased 10.7 percent on his watch.
6.4 million more Americans living in poverty under President Obama.
"Says Ted Cruz slurred Republican senators including John Cornyn as ""graybeards"" and ""spineless jellyfish."""
This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution.
Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
Last year, out of the 500,000 (in) population growth we had in the state of Texas, about 250,000 of the 500,000 came to Texas... from the other 49 states.
We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more.
Youve got almost twice as many cops in New York City as you do on our entire border. Thats nuts.
I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
"Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee ""chairs since I came in"" as lieutenant governor."
"Says Texas ""school systems"" lose 45 days a year on testing."
Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
"You ""can't check out a library book without a photo ID."""
Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of  speech, but no one should  have the right to use government funds or  institutions to portray acts  that are morally reprehensible to the vast  majority of Americans.
"The federal health care plan ""costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."""
"At ""least a quarter of those apprehended"" at the border ""have criminal records."""
Soy ... el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios.
I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
Says that under Texas law, it takes six years to close a failing school.
I've never supported a payroll tax.
Ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one U.S. Border Patrol agent was caused by weapons that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation.
"Says President Barack Obamas ""own economists say the stimulus cost $278K per job created. """
Phoenix, Arizona, I'm told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City.
Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.
"Wendy Davis ""was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization."""
"Dan Patrick ""changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from"" his ""debts."""
The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred.
"Ted Cruz ""helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants."""
Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise.
Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
"The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina ""was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty."""
We do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table.
"When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, ""Republicans stood on the sidelines"""
"Wisconsin's non-discrimination law ""doesn't protect members of the trans-gender community."""
"Says Charlie Crist ""implemented Jeb Bushs A+ Plan."""
"Says Charlie Crist signed ""the nations harshest marijuana laws."""
During the George W. Bush period, there were 13 attacks on various embassies and consulates around the world. Sixty people died.
"Says NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell interviewed domestic abuse victim Janay Rice with Ray Rice present and for ""every domestic violence agency, every law enforcement agency, thats a no-no."""
The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
The Capitol was built by slaves.
"House Democrats ""have a two-to-one advantage money-wise"" against House Republicans."
"The Democrats' health care bills would end ""the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition,"" while the Republican bill would not."
Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.
The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down.
"In April 2009 ""the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent."""
More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
"Under a House Republican appropriations bill, ""6 million seniors are deprived of meals."""
More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months.
"The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill ""cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."""
"The health care bill will ""create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."""
"The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, ""If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."""
Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform.
The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out.
"A bill to aid state and local governments ""is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes."""
About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
I don't know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
"The U.S. Supreme Court is ""five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal."""
Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Mens National Team are immigrants.
"Under the health care law, ""everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access."""
In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used.
"Bush's tax cuts for high earners ""have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit."""
"Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has ""increased the debt"" by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent."
"Says John Boehner ""admits 'we are not going to be any different than weve been' "" by returning to ""the same failed economic policies"" that ""wrecked our economy."""
One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
The insurance risk corridors aren't going broke like Republicans predicted.
"Alex Sink was ""the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."""
"Says ""Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails."""
"U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
"A Congressional Budget Office report says President Barack Obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers ""will cost the economy 500,000 jobs."""
78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country.
"Prince William County ""has cut violent crime in half"" since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration."
"The Broward Republican Executive Committee ""had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Election's website."""
Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power  a record unmatched by other fuels.
"Says ""we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law."""
"The health care bill ""dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."""
This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . . 
More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
"The Obama administration's cap-and-trade plan would create ""a $1,761 yearly energy tax."""
Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country.
Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase.
Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast.
"There is no ""incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities."""
Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
Revenues are 15 percent of GDP  its still in the range of the lowest its ever been.
"The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the ""largest debt ceiling increase in Americas history."""
"Says ""an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt"" every day."
The recidivism rate is nearly 29 percent and has been climbing steadily since detainees began being released from Guantanamo.
Each U.S. House member who voted to overhaul Social Security in 1983 was re-elected.
When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in '86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan.
"With Obamacare, ""we're fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen."""
"Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire ""16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer"" to enforce the federal health care overhaul."
The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent that's happening in Syria.
"The cost of ""college education has gone up 1,200 percent since 1978."""
One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent.
"Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons ""thought that a 911 call should be taxed."""
We haven't yet taken out a negative ad.
"Chris Coons has ""Marxist beliefs."""
"Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was ""no political motivation"" and ""no outside influence"" for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups"
"Says Hillary Clinton's ""campaign hasn't been clear about when she wiped herserverof her work emails."""
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, they're still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
[Federal] law says that you can't give in-state tuition to an illegal alien  unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
Illegal aliens cost the state of Rhode Island $400 million a year.
"Says she ""stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens."""
"Women still do not get paid as much as men, even ""for the same work, period."""
You can't give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You can't do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.
We've had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
"The tax penalty that the government imposes if you don't buy health insurance ""is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance."""
Obamas Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
"Says Gov. Rick Scott is ""spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people."""
Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
Guess what, governor? Theres no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment.
Says spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jersey's remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
"Says ""the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since"" 1964."
"Says Chris Christie created ""this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."""
"Tuition at Rutgers has increased 10 percent since Gov. Chris Christie took office because he ""cut funding for higher education."""
To hear Gov. Christie tell it, everything in New Jersey is going just fine. Well I see another New Jersey with 400,000 unemployed. One of the worst jobless rates in the country. Working and middle class families have seen costs soar, from property taxes to college tuition.
"Says the pension and health benefits reform ""eliminated collective bargaining for health benefits."""
I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care.
Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
"Says in March New Jersey was ""one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs"" and ""the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation."""
"Says ""as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."""
"Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to ""demand that New Jerseys Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest."""
"Says Chris Christies plan ""to kick-start our economy"" is to propose an ""income tax cut that disproportionately benefits the wealthy, and...he's still proposing it."""
"Emergency rooms account for ""2 percent of all health care spending."""
Eric Holder is supportive of the NAACP's efforts to get the United Nations involved in our elections.
Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent.
Florida seniors are exempt from losing Medicare Advantage under the federal health care bill.
"Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""opposes the repeal of Obamacare."""
American Hustleshows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.
All four on Mount Rushmore, they were all independents at one critical point in their career.
McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician.
John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract.
"Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform ""only mandates 48 hours of early voting."""
Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.
"Says he was ""a Marine during Vietnam."""
Justin Amash is rated Michigans No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
"On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan ""took a position and the  Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."""
"There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats ""say all this American energy is off limits."""
In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
"An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget ""exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws."""
"In Massachusetts, ""half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."""
"Says Barack Obama is a ""hypocrite"" for criticizing President George W. Bushs ""drone attack program,"" then using it aggressively as president."
"The Mormon religion has ""a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."""
"Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are ""actively working toward U.S. citizenship."""
Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
"Says the Hawaii governor ""cant find anything that says (President Barack Obama) was born in Hawaii."""
Says the hospital listed on Barack Obamas just-publicized long-form birth certificate denies the president was born there.
Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.
The state's unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
"Says Gov. Chris Christies proposal to reduce state income taxes ""would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years."""
I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow.  We played in at least 15 inches of that.
On (Tom) Wolfs watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
Says Travis County's unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
Says opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore is Wisconsins most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.
"The city of Nelson, Ga., is ""quieter than Mayberry."""
We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
We definitely lost way more jobs in Texas this year than we gained  we lost 300,000 jobs in Texas alone this year.
Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
"Gov. Rick Perry ""spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month."""
Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
"Says that ""on average, Democratic congressional districts received 81 percent more stimulus funds than Republican districts."""
"Says the American public ""overwhelmingly opposed"" Democratic-steered health care plan."
Says one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
Says Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perrys trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas.
"Says she has ""quadrupled agents to secure our border."""
The only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in America is government growth.
We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care.
The largest tax increase that we have ever had in our state is yours  it is the business margins tax that you signed, governor.
"Health care reform: ""Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care."""
"Rhode Island has the ""worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska."""
The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who dont legally possess that firearm in the first place.
"If an individual is determined ""to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor"" because they will find a way."
Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany. 
An average of seven children in America are killed by guns every day.
Rep. Frank Wolf voted to allow terror suspects to buy guns.
"In 2009, the FBI ""referred more than 71,000"" cases of people failing background checks when trying to buy a gun to another federal agency, ""but U.S. attorneys ultimately prosecuted only 77 of them."""
Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
"Says, ""Yet in Salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our states budget."""
The Confederate battle flag never flew over Texas, but... you might soon see it on our license plates.
"Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment ""instructed"" a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations."
Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
"Under President Ronald Reagan, illegal immigrants ""were not pouring in like""they are now."
"The Atlanta Braves are ""the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America."""
The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington.
This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history.
Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms.
"Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a ""murder mill."""
"Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey ""would ban a woman's right to choose in every case"""
"Page 992 of the health care bill will ""establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!"""
Obamas stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
"The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by ""up to about 10 percent"" and, for purchasers in the individual market, ""those cost savings could even be higher."""
"The Democratic health care bill in the House would ""create 53 new government bureaucracies."""
"Says ""If you compare the Portland Metro area to the CDCs statewide cavity rates ... the Portland Metro area would actually rank as having the 15th lowest cavity rate in the U.S."""
"Says a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parent's boyfriend or girlfriend ""have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused."""
"When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, ""the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof."""
Were borrowing 20% of (the federal) budget.
A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year in public assistance in Wisconsin.
"Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, ""including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity."""
The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!
Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
"The payday loan industry ""does not exist in a state like Minnesota."""
"Says Jill McCabe ""supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable."""
"Says David Jolly refused ""to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C."""
"Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted ""to cut school aid by nearly $300 million."""
Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
[Former Georgia congressman] Bob Barr voted ... to raise his own pay.
"Says potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported ""Obamacare"""
As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
"Every ""major newspaper in Texas calls"" David Dewhurst ""a moderate."""
"Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch ""did nothing to stop"" people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators."
"When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin ""state workers havent had to sacrifice."""
"When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were ""skyrocketing."""
In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent.
"Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various ""pork projects"" including ""a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks."""
"The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the ""socialized"" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000."
Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
"Says state Senate candidate ""Monk Elmer voted to exceed the (school district property tax) spending caps."""
''Both Democrats and Republicans are advocating for the use of student test scores to measure teacher effectiveness.''
"Says ""56 percentof (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control."""
"The number of people who ""believeinsocialism ...is increasing."""
We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them.
There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out theyre gay.
"When President AbrahamLincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, ""there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army."""
"Says the treasurers office has ""saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments."""
"There's no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases ""reduces violence whatsoever."""
"In Virginia, ""Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years."""
Proposed federal regulations would affect every streetsign in the country
Theres talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security.
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
"Says ""nearly half of Oregon's children are poor."""
Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash.
I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions...
When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel.
(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California.
"Says Time magazine called him ""one of America's best governors."""
"Romney refused to pardon ""a decorated soldier"" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13."
"MikeHuckabee.com gets ""more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."""
He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans.
Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country.
Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight.
"We've just now given over $100 billion to Iran, ""the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion."""
$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare.
You've got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.
Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren.
The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government.
...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads.
"Says he has ""the most impressive education record"" of the Republican candidates."
Fred's never had a 100 percent record on right-to-life in his Senate career. The records reflect that. And he doesn't support the human life amendment, which is most amazing because that's been a part of the Republican platform since 1980.
As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million.
"The government ""made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard"" for religious reasons."
One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
"The Supreme Court ""cant overrule the other two"" branchesof government."
"Says he ""raised average family income by 50 percent"" during his tenure as Arkansas governor."
The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000.
"Says its a ""statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death."""
Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year.
Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
"Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants ""if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student,"" among other things."
The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget.
I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion.
Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness.
I supported the surge when you didn't.
I'll tell you what I can tell this country: If they want a president who doesn't believe in God, there's probably plenty of choices.
Americas gun-related homicide rate  would be about the same as Belgiums if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
President Obama's refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring.
"Sarah Palin ""got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States."""
"The signers of the Declaration of Independence were ""brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen."""
"The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers ""up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa."""
Says Democratic Party created Planned Parenthood
Says Democratic Party created the Ku Klux Klan.
"Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he ""votes about 66 percent with his own party."""
David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees.
The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
We have $60 billion in 2010 in Medicare fraud.
"David Cicilline was ""required to provide key information about city finances to an independent outside auditor. The deadlines were clear -- yet [he intentionally] missed them by months"" until after the November 2010 election."
Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city.
The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on.
The Kenosha casino would be one of the states largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe  essentially, it would be Wisconsins biggest taxpayer.
Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
"The National Rifle Association was ""founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan."""
83% of doctors have considered leaving the profession because of #Obamacare.
Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
"Georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the ""Brown Codes"" because of their similarity to the ""Black Codes"" governing blacks after the Civil War."
"Says businesses ""already pay most of the taxes."""
"Rick Perry ""advocated to liquidate"" the states rainy day fund in 2007."
"U.S. House opponent Paul Ryan supports ""cutting funding for veterans by 24 percent."""
"Says Paul Ryans budget plan ""ends Medicare."""
Austin has more lobbyists working for it than any other municipality in Texas.
"The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium ""came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers."""
(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry.
"John McCain ""voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."""
"Under Gov. Tom Corbett, ""Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation."""
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
Cantor's campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
"In Florida, ""the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000."""
"There have been some estimates that if you deported everybody who is in Texas illegally, it ""would create an economic recession for the state."""
The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
White people control almost 90 percent of the nation's wealth.
So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
"Defends his vote to push ""retirement age to 70"" by saying he is for ""a process"" that would not be fully implemented until ""around the turn of the century."""
"Says ""in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union."""
"Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation ""to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape."""
If you're earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
We have a governor who's vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
"Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush ""probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War."""
"Says Gov. Chris Christie has ""now come up with a new agenda"" for ethics reform in September 2011."
While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we don't see jobs being created in this state.
Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term.
Tom Leppert pledged to make Dallas a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants.
Saturday's shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died.
"From 2000 to 2008, we averaged ""about five mass shootings a year. We're now averaging 15. So that's a three-fold increase."""
97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health.
Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II.
"In the United States, weve had ""12 years in a row of wages declining."""
"Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan ""that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class."""
When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector.
"Chris Christie has not been ""effective at creating jobs  (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... "
When it comes to being effective at creating jobs  (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs.
"Says Rick Perry of Texas was ""the governor who relied most on stimulus funds to close his states budget deficit in 2010."""
The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that hed be just fine with either Bush or Clinton.
We're not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
"Maryland is ""creating jobs at 2  times the rate that Virginia is."""
President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
Rick Scott's prison plan would cut Florida's prison budget in half, close prisons, and release tens of thousands of prisoners early -- murderers, rapists, sex offenders, armed robbers, drug dealers.
Estimates for adopting Obamacares Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
"The economy is ""creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."""
America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
"Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has ""created about 500,000 new jobs."""
We're spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
We cut our deficits by more than half.
"During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, ""he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote."""
Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar.
"There is ""more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world  the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years."""
"During the past four years, ""average wages have barely budged."""
For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
A million people  could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
"Says ""our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years."""
The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familys incomes barely budged.
"A bipartisan background check amendment ""outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text."""
The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
"A majority of Americans agree with a ban on assault weapons. ""And by the way, so did Ronald Reagan."""
Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
"Says Mitt Romney suggested that ""employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage."""
"When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he ""stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills."""
"The federal tax code has ""loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas."""
Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years.
Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
"Says Mitt Romney ""wants to end tax credits for wind producers."""
Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.
"Says Mitt Romney ""had millions in a Swiss bank account."""
"Says Mitt Romney is proposing a ""tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."""
"In the past three years, ""we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."""
"98 percent of American families make ""under $250,000 a year."""
Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
"Last year, ""Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour."""
"President Barack Obama ""reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011."""
Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Locks unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.
"For ""the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office."""
"Says his proposed payroll tax cut ""will mean an extra $1,500 in your pocket compared to if we do nothing."""
The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office.
President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didnt serve.
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents  more than twice as many as there were in 2004.
Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget.
"The United States has ""one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world."""
Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.
When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect.
There's a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street.
The unemployment rate for folks who've never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
"Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus ""have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."""
We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families.
History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth.
FDR was called a socialist and a communist.
Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to  kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
"If you ""already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have."""
"The health care plan for members of Congress ""is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."""
"In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, ""the government has actually turned a profit."""
Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
"Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough ""makes a huge difference"" in reducing transmission of the flu."
"In Iraq, ""civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year."""
2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces.
Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
We are making the largest investment in education in our nations history.
Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented.
"Medicare spends ""$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."""
98 percent of small businesses make less than $250,000 and would not see a tax increase under Barack Obama's plan.
"Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, ""if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."""
Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with.
Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget.
Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
"John McCain wants to ""give oil companies another $4-billion"" in tax breaks."
Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
"Obama's tax plan cuts taxes ""for 95 percent of all working families."""
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time.
Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office.
Sen. McCain was already turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, and he became a leading supporter of an invasion and occupation of (Iraq).
John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government.
McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' 
We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups.
I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities.
"Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate ""will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."""
Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine.
McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three.
"Obama worked with ""Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."""
When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position.
More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled  doubled  since we were children.
"John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families ""who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."""
John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year).
"John McCain ""has not led on nonproliferation issues when he had the chance in the Senate."""
"When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, ""his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' """
"McCain ""hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."""
Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists.
NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq.
Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists.
"The United States is ""seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."""
Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month.
Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.
I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream.
Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
"Clinton said ""great things about NAFTA until she started running for president."""
"He's been endorsed by ""every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."""
We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.
"Hillary Clinton ""starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."""
Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating.
"Hillary Clinton ""agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."""
"Hillary Clinton ""actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."""
While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart.
I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way.
I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002.  I opposed the war in 2003.  I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006.
"Obama ""won health care for 150,000 people."""
Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way.
"Since 2009, ""we've cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third."""
We've cut the deficit by two-thirds.
By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
"SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination ""has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined."""
Irans defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
"The Affordable Care Act is ""a major reason why weve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals."""
Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape.
America is No. 1 in wind power.
Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
"The United States is ""the only advanced country on Earth"" that doesnt guarantee ""paid maternity leave to our workers."""
"We've seen ""our deficits cut by two-thirds."""
Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
Weve doubled the production of clean energy.
Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
"Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, ""that's probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade."""
We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.
"Wisconsin Republicans ""repealed a statewide fair pay law"" that made ""sure women are treated fairly on the job."""
You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
"The cost of ""health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down"" the federal budget deficit."
We've recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave.
When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicansagree with it.
Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men.
Most folks wages havent gone up in over a decade.
"Women ""make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."""
For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the worlds No. 1 place to invest; America is.
The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.
"Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates ""more natural gas than anybody."""
"Due to Obamacare, Arkansas ""has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already."""
"Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americans""can get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill."""
Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition.
This year, we're off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
"The minimum wage is ""lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office."""
"As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, ""there were days where folks couldn't go outside.  because of all the pollution in the air."""
"Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because ""there was a recent survey of the top airports  in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25."""
"A ""wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation"" on gun background checks."
Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
"The sequester ""wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions."""
Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
"Says ""overwhelming majorities of Americans"" support gun legislation ""like background checks."""
"Says ""Mitt Romneys plan rolls back regulations"" on banks."
We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
"Says Mitt Romney ""just gave a speech a few weeks ago"" and said ""we should still have troops in Iraq."""
George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether he'd sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
"Romney ""would turn Medicare into a voucher program."""
"Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama ""stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obama's decision."""
Taxes are lower on families than they've been probably in the last 50 years.
Even today part of Romneys fortune is invested in China.
Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.
I've cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses.
"Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... ""the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated."""
His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year.
"Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney ""condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people."""
"Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan ""want to turn Medicare into a voucher system."""
"Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan ""that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year."""
Gov. Romney's plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top.
The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
"The DREAM Act ""was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics."""
"After they bought GST Steel, ""Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy."""
"Says Mitt Romney ""has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act."""
"Mitt Romney has ""proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families."""
Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
"Says Ronald Reagan ""understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases."""
"Because of the new health care law, ""Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes."""
"By the time Obama took office, ""The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone."""
"Because of the new health care law, ""2.5 million young adults now have coverage."""
We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
Right now, American oil production is the highest that its been in eight years.
Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
"A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that ""the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket"" this year."
"Says Ronald Reagan ""repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way."""
Eighty percent of the American people support an approach (to federal budget problems) that includes revenues and includes cuts.
As we've seen that federal support for states diminish, you've seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs.
We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you don't see any American cars in Korea.
If you're a  wealthy CEO or a  hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are  lower than they've been since the 1950s.
"Says ""we have now more Border Patrol officers  than weve had at any time in our history."""
"Says Paul Ryan ""voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasn't paid for."""
Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
"The Republican budget plan ""says that 10 years from now, if youre a 65-year-old whos eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today."""
Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
I lowered taxes over the last two years.
The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they're in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when they're in saltwater.
As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent.
Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. They're much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower.
When these same Republicans - including Mr. Boehner - were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down.
"The president's budget ""would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK."""
Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history.
Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.
The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived.
A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation.
"Obama came into office ""with a $1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law. ... We came in with $8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade."""
At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade.
For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online.
The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed on spending cuts.
In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror.
Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
"Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform ""makes sense to do."""
14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average
Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin.
Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States.
"His proposed budget would ""cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."""
The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
"Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF ""is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions."""
The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have.
In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work.
McCain called for less regulation21 times just this year.
"John McCain ""is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."""
McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
"McCain ""said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."""
"Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and ""pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."""
He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail.
Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically.
"The Bush administration's latest plans for troop withdrawal from Iraq by 2011 are ""more or less the same time frame I announced two years ago."""
John McCain has seven houses.
"McCain, ""voted against renewable sources of energy, against biofuels, against solar power, against wind power.... """
Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions.
We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973.
McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote.
"Barack Obama ""passed laws moving people from welfare to work."""
"Barack Obama ""cut taxes for working families."""
McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice.
Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao  and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries.
I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps.
More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office.
"A gas tax holiday ""would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."""
Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises.
"Barack Obama is ""the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."""
I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born.
We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote.
When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong.
We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate.
8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation.
The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points.
"Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain ""by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."""
And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized...
"Today, ""the United States is the most respected country on Earth."""
In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic States) advance.
Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yohoattempts to restrict the administration's ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.
"Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, ""Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s."""
"The actions Im taking are ""the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century."""
Over the last few years, weve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.
We've created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.
The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that havent raised the minimum wage.
When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it's approaching 3 percent.
"The U.S. Justice Department has ""taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009."""
More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their familys plan.
Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record.
What is and isn't a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress.
Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth.
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012.
"The minimum wage ""in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office."""
In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage.
Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare.
"Says last year ""13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each."""
My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor.
"Says that since he took office, ""there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States."""
"Says that according to a report, ""the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austins economy."""
"Says ""we"" have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border ""than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000."""
"For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law ""is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. That's it. They don't have to worry about anything else."""
"Says if Congress doesnt avoid the sequester, ""tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids."""
"If the sequester hits, ""hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings."""
Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime.
Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicares) health care costs.
"Says his administration has made ""progress"" on border enforcement by ""putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years."""
There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
"Says Mitt Romneys plan makes ""catastrophic cuts to education."""
"Says Romney said ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden."
Veterans unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia.
"Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at ""any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than it's been in 40 years."""
"Says his administration has created ""5 million jobs  over the last 30 months in the private sector alone."""
"Says his deficit plan ""made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and we're putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan."""
In Romney's first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education.
"Romneys Medicare plan was estimated to ""cost the average senior about $6,000 a year."""
"Obama says hes ""put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan."""
"Says Mitt Romney's plan ""calls for a $5 trillion tax cut."""
"Says Romney and Ryan ""both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest."""
"Says he ""will protect your guaranteed benefits"" in Medicare while ""Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits."""
Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
"Mitt Romney ""said it was 'tragic' to end the war in Iraq."""
"Says his budget plan ""would cut our deficits by $4 trillion."""
"Says Paul Ryan ""tried to change the whole game"" for Social Security"
"Paul Ryans Medicare plan ""could raise future retirees costs more than $6,000."""
"Says ""Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest."""
We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious 'Son of Boss' tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history.
"Says Mitt Romney ""paid only 14 percent in taxes  probably less than you."""
"Says Romney would add ""trillions"" to the deficit while Obama would ""cut the deficit by $4 trillion."""
Mitt Romney's companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries.
If you're one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average, and fell to 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.
Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average.
Says Mitt Romney's comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.
"Under Republican economic policies, ""the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent."""
We've brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration.
"Under the House Republican budget, ""if these cuts were to be spread out evenly  the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each."""
(GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans.
"The U.S. has a ""record number of oil rigs operating right now  more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined."""
For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.
(After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the worlds No. 1 automaker.
"Says PolitiFact has said he ""kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules."""
"President Barack Obama ""put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil."""
"Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he ""closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas."""
We don't take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended.
"The Arab Spring  ""drove up gas prices."""
Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
A construction worker whos making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldnt be paying higher tax rates than the guy whos making $50 million a year. And thats how its working right now.
"The United States ""won every major battle"" of the Vietnam War. ""Every single one."""
"The debt ceiling deal will result in ""the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president."""
Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each.
By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion.
Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high in 2010.
For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed.
The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago.
One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because there's just not a lot of work there.
The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one.
Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didn't have it before, through the Children's Health Insurance Program.
"Stabilizing the recent financial crisis ""will cost less than 1 percent of GDP,"" which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s."
"The health care bill ""cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars."""
Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections.
"The Republican election platform ""was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil."""
We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
"John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole ""that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas."""
I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling.
Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing.
The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent.
So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010.
"Health care reform ""would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."""
"The ""pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."""
Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed.
"Health care reform plans being consided in Congress ""will finally reduce the costs of health care."""
We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act.
Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy as Medicare Advantage.
"Families are paying $900, on average, ""in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."""
I just want to assure [you] we're not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.
"The stimulus ""has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"""
Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed.
"Pay-as-you-go ""is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s."""
More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States.
"On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, ""If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package."""
Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four.
The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
"Obama ""changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."""
"Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could ""lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."""
"On the economic crisis, ""the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."""
I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it.
There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world.
My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's.
"John McCain ""has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."""
"Henry Kissinger ""said that we should meet with Iran  guess what  without precondition."""
"Under Obama's tax plan, ""95 percent of you will get a tax cut."""
"John McCain would ""reduce oversight of health insurance."""
"McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is ""the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."""
The average American family saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country.
McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
"Obama says his bill ""reduced welfare rolls nearly 80 percent."""
"John McCain ""opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."""
"Barack Obama ""extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."""
"We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia ""to finance this war"" in Iraq."
"A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that ""every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."""
If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place.
"Hillary Clinton is ""willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."""
Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs.
"Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a ""parallel public financing system."""
He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet.
"A mailer from the Obama campaign ""accurately indicates"" that Hillary Clinton would ""force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."""
But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy.
Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.
I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate.
"Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush ""a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."""
During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success.
He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists.
If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East.
Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon.
The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesnt happen in other places with this kind of frequency.
The reason we even have colleges is that at some point there were politicians who said, You know what? We should start colleges. 
The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
"Keystone XL allows ""Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else."""
"Says Jonathan Gruber was ""some adviser who never worked on our staff."""
"Congress is on ""vacation."""
The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
The United States Senate  Democrats and Republicans  (voted) to keep our government open.
Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of the Benghazi incident.
"If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to ""let criminals go."""
The sequester is not something that I've proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
"Says Mitt Romney was clear that he ""would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy."""
"As governor, ""Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times."""
"Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that ""paying for (Mitt) Romneys tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000."""
"Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that ""could have been made here in America."""
Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
"Says Romney tax plan ""could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition."""
We've doubled our use of renewable energy.
In Florida, they're already talking about how the Ryan-Romney plan will end Medicare and replace it with a voucher.
"Says he could be ""the first president in modern history to be outspent."""
"Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax ""trick."""
Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
"Says under Mitt Romney, ""Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan."""
"Because of the new health care law, ""17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition."""
Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
The (border) fence is now basically complete.
"If theres a government shutdown, ""people dont get their Social Security checks."""
Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse.
"John Boehner said the jobs of ""teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters"" are ""'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."""
"Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett ""has held the line on property taxes."""
"Republicans ""don't think it's a good idea"" to make the child care tax credit ""stronger."""
"Some Republican leaders in Congress are ""pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall."""
The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival.
Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests  including foreign corporations  to spend without limit in our elections.
I didn't campaign on a public option.
The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support.
Its a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight  Democrats and Republicans.
"AARP is ""endorsing"" the health care reform bill."
"In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has ""saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."""
Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade.
As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes.
For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost.
"McCain is ""selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"""
AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice.
"John McCain's health care plan ""leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."""
"Barack Obama ""pays for every dime"" of his spending plans."
I introduced a bill that wouldve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea.
In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress.
"McCain ""voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."""
"McCain ""said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."""
I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' 
John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.
"John McCain offers ""billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."""
I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point.
Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families.
McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil.
These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for.
Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age.
"John McCain ""is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."""
Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you  but would help her politically.
"Hillary Clinton ""agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."""
I do provide universal health care.
"Obama says his health care plan is ""universal."""
My position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
"Says his comment about extremists being a JV team ""wasnt specifically referring to"" Islamic State."
Most young Americans right now, theyre not covered by health insurance.
Weve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
"The ""most realistic estimates"" for jobs created by Keystone XL are ""maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline."""
We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.
If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
"Says Mitt Romney ""called the Arizona law a model for the nation."""
Under Gov. Romney's definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
"Because of Obamacare, ""over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years."""
Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of President George W. Bushs policies and the recession.
Fast and Furious began under the Bush administration.
"Mitt Romney ""says the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation."""
Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
"If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it ""would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."""
For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
Preventive care  saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... We've got about 60 percent done in three years.
"Under President Barack Obama, the United States has ""doubled our exports."""
Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
"The presidents proposed budget ""will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."""
"Under the White Houses budget proposal, ""we will not be adding more to the national debt"" by the middle of the decade."
"Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected ""the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional."""
I didn't raise taxes once.
"When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, ""it only affected widows and orphans,"" and when Medicare began, ""it was a small program."""
"The Bush administration had been ""giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return."""
"The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''Big donors bankrolled much of Obama's campaign/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/apr/22/barack-obama/obama-campaign-financed-large-donors-too/Barack Obama4We've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs."""
"When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, ""Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."""
"Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, ""and he died because of it."""
"Health reform will ""give every American the same opportunity"" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do."
"Preventive care ""saves money."""
If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars.
I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
"Stimulus tax cuts ""began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."""
"Health insurance companies are ""making record profits, right now."""
We import more oil today than ever before.
In eighth grade math, weve fallen to ninth place.
There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy.
Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth.
The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots.
"Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and ""that's a loss for you."""
"John McCain accused Barack Obama ""of letting infants die."""
Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using.
"McCain ""has opposed stem cell research."""
But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.
"The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''Abortion numbers have gone down/truth-o-meter/statements/2008/aug/21/barack-obama/abortion-numbers-have-gone-down/Barack Obama4Oil companies haven't touched"" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill."
"Fully inflating tires is ""a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."""
"John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill ""because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."""
"The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation ""than the pet food industry invests in its own products."""
Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here.
I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins.
He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.
Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy.
As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
"Americans ""have never paid more for gas at the pump."""
She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV.
I know that Hillary on occasion has said  just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy.
Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher.
If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
John wasn't this raging populist four years ago when he ran for president.
Right now, an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change.
"If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, ""Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."""
What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
"The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ""is transparent."""
"Says Mitt Romney plans to ""fire"" Big Bird."
"Says Mitt Romney ""backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest."""
Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel  and every other country  to zero.
What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is I've said to each agency ... 'look at regulations that are already on the books and if they don't make sense, let's get rid of them.'
If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.
Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
"Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to ""easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules."""
New Jersey's governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade.
Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media.
Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
"If we got solar energy from ""an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year."""
"The ocean is now ""much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years."""
Responding to a major snow event in Atlanta would be like Kansas City, Mo., responding to a major earthquake.
"Florida is ""the largest dog-racing state in the country."""
In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.
"The delay inschool testing""was not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself,it was the product of a cyber attack."""
"The CDC is ""spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy"" that could be redirected to Ebola."
"Says on contraception, his plan is ""cheaper and easier for you"" than Sen. Mark Udalls"
We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built.
"Says Mark Udall ""decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote."""
"Says that according to a study, under Obamas health care initiative, ""nearly 90 percent of people"" in Wisconsin with health insurance ""will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent."""
"According to a national survey, transit ""ridership"" among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009."
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megan's Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
[A]t his current rate, President Obama will have added more debt to the United State of America by the end of his first term than each of the previous 43 presidents -- combined!
Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority.
"$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 ""has yet to be tapped."""
"Common Core means ""there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you."""
I didnt try to push a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students.
Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessee's lottery scholarship students for a few years more.
We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
"There was ""a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior."""
"Says Ron Saunders ""made the choice to stand with Rick Scott"" on expanding school vouchers, restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy."
"Says ""one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime."""
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
"Says ""nearly 30,000"" federal employees in Oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown."
I also voted 98 percent of the time with Republicans in the Oregon Legislature.
I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements.
PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees.
You lie! (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
"The Democrats' health care bill ""gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."""
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
Says Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games.
While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium.
Its warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
In the 513 days between Trayvon dying, and todays verdict, 11,106 African-Americans have been murdered by other African-Americans.
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
"The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson ""are feral and violent."""
A photo from the Russia-Finland hockey game shows a sad Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev.
We've had the same leadership in the Travis County DA's office for 30 years.
Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white nameresume.
The policy mistakes that ... the Clintons made got us, in large degree, to the situation that we are in today with mass incarceration.
Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs.
No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.
Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
"Says Congressman Jon Runyan has a ""plan to raise Medicare costs $6,400 a year."""
"Says Rep. Jon Runyan ""voted to redefine rape."""
"Says Jon Runyan voted to ""end programs to aid homeless veterans."""
Birthers have obtained a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate.
One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years.
Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
Says when armed civilians stop mass shootings with guns, an average of 2.5 people die; otherwise, an average of 18 people die.
"My office sends federal ""money back every year."""
Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obama's campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
"Congressional Budget Office ""says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!"""
Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
Sen. McConnell offered a fully paid two-month extension of unemployment insurance.
Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway.
The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
"More ""than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens."""
Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
All but one of the 50 states already have some form of a balanced budget amendment in their state constitutions.
"Says Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is ""the largest military installation in the free world."""
"Says the Arizona immigration law ""expressly bans racial profiling."""
The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion.
"In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of ""the Hyde amendment."""
"The Super Bowl has ""one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country."""
"Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: ""This is not a filibuster."""
Says that when Democrats controlled Congress and the White House, federal spending as a share of the Gross Domestic Product leapt from 18.2 percent in 2001 to 25.2 percent in 2009 -- the largest such increase in any eight-year period since World War II.
The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating.
"The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline ""has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year it's been up and running."""
"A defense bill ""includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand."""
There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reid's been trailing in every single one.
25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas.
"Florida students take ""an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year."""
By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten.
"Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says ""we can only have three bullets"" and ""the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them."""
As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years.
"Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, ""wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."""
"Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ""refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!"""
The president flagrantly defies the 2006 federal law ordering the construction of a secure border fence along the entire Mexican border.
"Says Barack Obama ""endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns."""
Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world.
"Says ""under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison."""
Georgias civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South.
Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021.
Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power.
U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Raufs trip to the Middle East.
"Says Chuck Hagel ""opposed sanctions against Iran."""
Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas requests for fire management assisting grants.
"Says Rick Perry ""turned down our invitation to meet"" President Barack Obama in El Paso."
Who will raising the minimum wage actually help?  More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old.
"When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said ""that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down."""
"In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the ""middle class"" or ""education."""
Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever.
"Says Rick Perry ""wanted to secede from the union."""
"Says President Barack Obama'sown administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, ""all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment."""
"The Obama administration ""even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!"""
"Says unions call Obamacare ""bad for workers."""
"The FCCs net neutrality policy includes whatis ""essentially a massive tax increase."""
Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
"Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a ""liberal"" who voted with Nancy Pelosi to ""fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes"" and ""to regulate the sale of firearms."""
George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid.
George Allen voted for budgets that increased the national debt by $16,400 for every second he served in the U.S. Senate.
"If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, ""we could balance the budget in five years."""
"George Allen ""voted for 40,000 earmarks."""
"The transportation package passed by the General Assembly would impose the ""largest tax increase in Virginias history."""
Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
"George Allen ""had 40,000 earmarks"" while he was a senator."
The insurance commissioner cant do squat about health care.
The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.
"Under economic sanctions, ""now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment."""
"Says in Texas ""it's legal to shoot someone who's committing a public nuisance under the cover of dark."""
"Says he would have ""almost twice the actual experience practicing law"" Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas."
"Americans, in the last 30 years, ""have more than doubled the amount of money we are spending per child (on education)  and the results have gotten worse, not better."""
Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools.
The (Florida) casino proposed by Malaysian gambling conglomerate Genting would be nearly double the size of the largest casino in the world.
"Says, ""Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation."""
Sheriffs Call For Obamas Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators
"Hurricane ""Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904."""
"The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, ""meaning Board Supervisors salaries will be cut by 20 percent"" and ""the Boards budget will be cut by 50 percent."""
"Milwaukee County government employees pay ""much more"" for their health care than City of Milwaukee or State of Wisconsin employees."
"Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee ""would be a $19 decrease."""
"Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent ""have grown."" Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, ""they've seen their wages stagnate."""
Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades.
(The farm bill) has aprovision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
"Republican ideas on health care dont give people ""an option to even enroll in something that they can afford."""
Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations.
Forty-five percent of those who've been unemployed, they've been unemployed for six months or longer.
Obama's job approval rating is up.
"The IRS ""also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody."""
The firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... don't have to worry about their collective bargaining rights.
Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
"Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. ""spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy"" and ""trillions"" each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits."
"The Obama administration ""has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."""
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector.
200 consumer laws were destroyed in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
"In the past 20 years, Egypt has made ""great strides"" in political and democratic reform."
Nearly 40,000 new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells . . . right here in Ohio.
"State budget cuts for local schools resulted in ""nearly 4,000 educator layoffs"""
Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
"A lawyer demanded ""several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons."""
As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
"Says the ""last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary."""
Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
"There have been ""at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border."""
Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
"22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation ""measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law."""
The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
"Says he's arrested more criminals, ""including thousands of child predators and sex offenders,"" than any previous Texas attorney general."
"Dallas ""African-American and Hispanic students pass AP exams at a higher rate than any other place in America."""
Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois.
"Under Common Core standards, it takes ""more than a minute"" to teach a student ""how to add nine plus six."""
The growth rate of women-owned businesses in Texas has nearly doubled that of the nation since President Obama has taken office.
"Wendy Davis is ""fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas."""
Says his Texas election fraud investigations have resulted in 50 convictions.
After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
"A Texas law ""will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas."""
"A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis support ""removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like"" the school funding case."
Wendy Davis legal work is currently under FBI investigation.
"In ""reality,"" there have ""been no problems whatsoever"" with the Texas voter ID law."
"Wendy Davis is ""threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion."""
Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.
"Says the EPA ""outsourced the scientific basis for  its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international  organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."""
Ive been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS.
More lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in Juarez alone, just a few blocks from the United States of America, than have been lost in the war in Afghanistan.
Weve had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.
Every major religion is opposed to same-sex marriage.
Says states mandated tests come from an English company.
"All University of Texas ""student-athletes get an iPad."""
Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
"Monica Wehby and Jason Conger are ""causing devastating consequences"" for nearly 23,000 Oregonians looking for work."
"Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is ""the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle."""
"Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, ""would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty."""
"Says Mitch McConnell voted ""two times against the Violence Against Women Act."""
Sen. McConnell says it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky.
"Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has ""blocked the Senate over 400 times."""
"Says Mitch McConnell voted ""three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas."""
"Says of Mitch McConnell,""What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office."""
The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
Says Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000.
"Says Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina ""has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000."""
"Says, ""I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5."""
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
"Currently, the intelligence community ""can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."""
"Says Cory Gardner ""championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado."""
The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
"If you don't count illegal aliens, people who qualify for other insurance, and people who make more than $75,000 a year, ""it leaves about 15 million people"" who are uninsured."
We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico).
The Senate health care bill is longer than Tolstoy's 'War and Peace.'
"Says he ""sued Obamas EPA seven times."""
"According to an article in the Economist magazine, Americans are ""guaranteed"" to live above the poverty line if they graduate from high school, keep their first job for over a year and get and stay married."
The Earth is not warming.
Black children constitute 18 percent of the nation's public school population but 40 percent of the children who are suspended or expelled.
The violent crime rate in America is the same as it was in 1968, yet our prison system has grown by over 500 percent.
Opponents of Section 5 (of the Voting Rights Act) complain of state expense, yet their only cost is the paper, postage and manpower required to send copies of legislation to the federal government for review.
Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs.
Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
Says Oregon recyclers can't recycle plastic bags
For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers.
"In Virginias Medicaid program, ""approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies."""
"Cicilline ""continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign."""
"Blue Cross new  $90-million Providence headquarters ""was outfitted with $25 million in  decor."""
"There's just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruz's""name on it."""
"Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ""proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme"" that ""even Nancy Pelosi voted against it."""
"Says Democratic Senate candidate ""Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare."""
Volunteer firefighters and communities they serve in Georgia and elsewhere are being devastated by Obamacare.
"Sherrod Brown ""has stood side by side"" with President Barack Obama, presiding ""over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years"" and hurtling toward "" the worst jobs record in the modern era."""
"Says Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted ""that his $787 billion stimulus law failed"" and ""after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans' taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill 'didn't do enough' to lower taxes."""
"Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats ""rammed"" the economic stimulus bill through, ""Ohio's unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average."""
Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the stimulus bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money  including AIG  to hand out huge bonuses.
"Says Russ Feingold cast the ""deciding vote"" for the ""largest tax increase"" in history"
"Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already ""paid in. We paid for it."""
Michelle Nunn has praised the Occupy movement.
"U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of ""Obamacare."""
"Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep ""an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate."""
Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
"Says Mark Pryor voted ""to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."""
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obamas plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
"Says that Sherrod Brown ""voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care."""
President Obama and liberal former DNC Chairman Tim Kaines $787 billion stimulus failed to create jobs.
"Democrat ""Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today fromCalifornia."""
"U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy ""voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life."""
"Sen. Sherrod Browns vote helped pass ""Barack Obamas job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase."""
"The stimulus created ""zero jobs."""
Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
"Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he ""hasn't even come close."""
(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa.
Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
"Says Sherrod Brown voted ""for the $1.17 trillion health care law that adds a new tax on Ohio manufacturers."""
"President Obama has ""added $4 billion in debt every day."""
"Says oil ""production's down where Obama's in charge."""
Our country's got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more.
"While ""Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare,"" Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they ""couldnt get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69."""
Sherrod Brown supported President Obama's $453 billion tax increase.
When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year.
"Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful ""$800,000 to replace light bulbs."""
"President Obama ""promised"" families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but ""Obamacare raises 18 different taxes."""
"Stimulus money went to ""office upgrades for politicians."""
"In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to ""protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers."""
Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
"Says Joe Sestak ""voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors"" and jeopardizing ""access to care for millions."""
Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law.
Unions dont have to comply with Obamacare.
North Dakota's economy is reeling.
"Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the ""right to health care ... means you believe in slavery."""
"Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap, which amounts to ""a $500,000 vagina tax"" over her working career."
In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
"Passing a federal firearms ""background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds."""
Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before.
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that for every $1 we spend on unemployment benefits, $1.90 is put into our economy.
In Rhode Island, there were thousands of jobs that were created by the federal stimulus program
Foster children are disproportionately victims of identity theft.
"The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has ""added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget."""
By the time(Mitt Romney)left office, Massachusetts was 47th in the nation in job creation.
Ralph Hall has never voted to raise the debt ceiling.
"Says PolitiFact ""validated and independently documented"" its ""criminal history"" claims about Adan Ballesteros."
"In general, it appears Wisconsins right to work bill would ""likely apply to"" the Green Bay Packers players and their union."
"Says Gov. Scott Walker has ""led people to believe that if Wisconsin doesnt implement a (health-care) exchange, Obamacare doesnt happen here."""
"When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, ""theres no rush on this thing"" because the fiscal year doesnt end until June 30, 2011."
When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall.
"There is ""over 20 times more energy"" in a proposed Southside uranium mining site than ""there is in all the oil thats estimated to be off Virginias coast"""
This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation.
I said no to higher taxes and fees.
"Tampa is ""the strip club capital of the world."""
The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined.
"Its legal to ""sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition,"" but only one signature counts"
Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations don't pay state income taxes.
"Says state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore ""voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history"" and for ""$2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy."""
"Says Gov. Scott Walkers budget ""includes tax breaks for corporations and the rich that will cost the state of Wisconsin taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next decade."""
"Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions ""from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget,"" but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million."
In his first meeting with University of Wisconsin System officials, Republican Governor elect Scott Walker told them to prepare for cuts.
Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, we're the only one that doesn't provide basic health coverage.
"We didnt go out asking people to join the ""stand your ground"" task force."
"Rick Scott ""doesn't have any ties to a lobbyist."""
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Every child in Colorado who has been given medical marijuana for treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity.
Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas.
"Says rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will ""send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor."""
In Providence, R.I., it's illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
Milwaukee lost the headquarters for MillerCoors because the area lacks good transit.
"Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg ""put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm."""
"SaysPeter Kilmartin voted ""in favor of expanding the 'good behavior' statute to sex offenders."""
"A poll found that ""20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex."""
Most countries have no debt ceiling.
"Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- its caused by a ""shrinking of the actual labor force."""
"Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of ""hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq."""
Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
Rand Paul supports Obama's negotiations with Iran.
We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
Says New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassans time in the state Senate.
Six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through expanded Medicaid.
[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred.
"Metro Atlantans spend ""over an hour every day"" or ""five hours a week"" commuting, for a total of ""260 hours a year."""
"The NCAA will ""get billions"" from the mens basketball tournament. ""Players get a trophy."""
"Large parts of Florida have experienced ""years of below average rainfall."""
"The ""working tax cut"" created ""over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years."""
"Voter turnout for some groups in the 2008 presidential general election in Georgia ""was far greater than it should have been demographically."""
"Says ""Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards."""
"Says El Paso is the ""safest city of our size in the nation."""
"Sen. Barbara Boxer ""voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work."""
"New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics ""provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices."""
Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
"Says the United States has the ""highest corporate tax rate in the world."""
We've got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendezs watch the nations unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch.
"Says Chris Christie was ""behind"" in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governor's race."
Bob Menendez actually voted in favor of higher taxes more than 70 times!
"Says Robert Menendez is ""the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all."""
"Says ""when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s."""
We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We don't talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
In my years in the State Legislature, I have never voted for a tax increase.
"Says under the new health care law ""the patient-doctor relationship will be eliminated."""
When Colorado eased its medical marijuana laws, fatal accidents involving pot-using drivers soared while overall traffic fatalities decreased.
Its going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun...
"Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of ""a postage stamp a day."""
We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis.
Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties.
We've had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and they've never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected.
"Says Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Brady's first priority after winning the primary ""was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers."""
"Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget ""calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion."""
"Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, ""youre looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."""
"Says gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell ""hasn't spent a dime on advertising."""
"Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter ""proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies."""
"Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes ""sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds"" for 38 Studios."
"Rhode Island ""didn't ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesn't even have to pay federal income taxes."""
The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
"In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, ""hands or feet"" or ""clubs and hammers"" than with any type of rifle."
"Say Hillary Clintons top 10 donors are mainly ""banks, corporations and media,"" while Bernie Sanders top 10 donors are labor unions."
Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
"Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it ""has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993."""
In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a year's full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states.
The cost of the food stamp program is at an all-time high.
"Medicare Part D ""was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike"" the act, ""was never budgeted."""
Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. That's 270 people a day and 87 dead.
Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
"Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has ""accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history,"" because it's actually risen ""slower than at any time in nearly 60 years."""
"Milwaukee ""incarcerates 1.2% of white men"" and has ""incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s."""
Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at$15.81, Germany at$11and France at$12.35.
For the cost of the Iraq War we couldve ended world hunger for 30 years.
Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015.
44% of homeless people are employed.
Texas ranks: #1 in worker deaths, #1 carbon emissions, #50 in high school graduates, #50 in funding for mental health patients.
Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths.
"A new law ""requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment."""
Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states.
Last year, handguns killed 48 people in Japan, 8 in Great Britain, 34 in Switzerland, 52 in Canada, 58 in Israel, 21 in Sweden, 42 in West Germany and 10,728 in the United States.
USA is #1 in gun violence.
Says Mitt Romneys top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obamas top five are technology companies and universities.
In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component.
Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters  (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him.
1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires.
"SayPresident George W. Bush ""borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back."""
"Says Bill Clinton ""gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs"" and said ""we needed a regime change,"" even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush."
"Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, ""Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up."""
In 1913, it was legal to mail children.
The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes.
"Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren ""lives in a $5.4 million mansion."""
"An image of nine white, blondwomen shows ""the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors."""
"Says President Barack Obama's acceptance of an ""Islamic order and gold medal"" was ""unconstitutional."""
"The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, ""A strong American Government is not good for us."""
Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times 'to reflect rising costs.' But raised the minimum wage only three times.
Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
Says 57 percent of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 percent goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps.
"Scott Walker ""had a 2.3 GPA when he was asked to leave Marquette University for cheating."""
"Says Hillary Clinton ""refuses to testify before Congress"" about the 2012 attack in Benghazi."
"Says Marco Rubio said that ""felons should not have their voting rights restored"" but that ""convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time."""
"Say George Washington said that ""when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern."""
"Fox admits they lie and, under the First Amendment, ""have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves."""
"Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are ""unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants."""
Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
22 Countries Invaded by the U.S. in 20 Years.
The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnsons Great Society.
In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
"A judge's order means there's a ""Constitution exemption zone"" if you live ""within 100 miles of the United States border."""
"A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has ""7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!"""
75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class.
Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.
"Says Scott Walker said ""Labor unions dont deserve to have a national holiday"" due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday ""should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11."""
"Says Michele Bachmann said, ""The Chinese built a Great Wall 5,000 years ago. You don't see any illegal Mexicans in China."""
"The runnerup to Caitlyn Jenner for ESPNs Arthur Ashe Courage Award was ""Army veteran Noah Galloway, who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in Iraq."""
"Says Ted Cruz said: ""While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggars transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other."""
During Obama's first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagan's presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent.
Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion.
"Says Ted Cruz said, ""There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear."""
Says Ted Cruz just flip-flopped about the president needing to be U.S.-born.
Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas said: Hey, all you wrinkly, white-aged has-beens: Its time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet.
Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015.
When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House.
"A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, ""Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it."""
Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible creditand more.
"A flight from Atlanta to Houston was canceled due to a ""terrorist dry run."""
McDonalds hamburgers are only 15 percent real beef. The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer.
"Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that ""if the workers are more insecure, that's very healthy for the society"" because ""they'll serve the masters gladly and passively."""
"Fox News is ""banned in Canada"" because it violatesa law that""prevents news channels from lying to their viewers."""
"SaysMichele Bachmann said on Fox News, ""This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again."""
Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures.
Says Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings.
"Says Marco Rubio believes the earth is 9,000 years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction; says Rand Paul believes the earth is 10,000 years old and God removed dinosaurs ""to make space for humans."""
"President Barack Obama spent ""$5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government."""
"Says Nancy Pelosi said, ""Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!"""
"Says Michele Bachmann said ""English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible."""
"Says Vladimir Putin said, ""President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy."""
Says a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine.
Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!
Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals.
Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation.
In April 1997, there was a gas out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.
"Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but ""zero on job creation."""
"After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam ""doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."""
"Says""(President) Reagan's second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm."""
"A gun ""background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year  were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million."""
20 percent of the time (smart guns) won't work.
Oregon school districts are directing 24 percent of their food budgets to purchase local foods. Thats the highest percentage in the country.
"Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to ""point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger"" because ""911 is not our best option."""
"Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac ""was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years."""
Scott Walker cut school funding more per student than any governor in America.
"Says Republican recall challenger Jonathan Steitz ""failed to pay his taxes."""
Says David Prosser = Scott Walker.
"Says ""Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care."""
"An April 7, 2015 referendum would take ""the choice of chief justice"" of the Wisconsin Supreme Court ""away from the people."""
Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
As a prosecutor, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser did not investigate or file charges in a case involving 30-year pedophile priest, then participated in cover-up.
Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.
Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got $570 million in job-development incentives
Scott Walkers school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
"Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races ""side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street."""
"Says""President Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used"" assault rifle bullets."
In the last 15 years, we've witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings
We have the lowest beer tax in the nation.
"Says ""the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner."""
What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!
The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
"Tennessee's appeals court judges ""were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville"" before the system of ""merit selection"" was put into effect."
The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
"Says Thom Tillis ""refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS."""
"Says Thom Tillis ""has cut $500 million from public education."""
"Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis ""called Obamacare a great idea. """
"Numbers on illegal immigrants ""are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."""
We have seized more currency, more drugs, more outbound arms in the past year than any year in our countrys history.
"The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite ""strong bipartisan support."""
Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city.
For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree.
Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isn't even getting the money for that.
"Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is buried ""not far"" from President Kennedys grave."
[The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines.
"GM has ""repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."""
Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
A [bank] surveillance camera capturing a criminals face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers.
"Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, ""did mail pieces for Democrat  Mark Strama to help him defeat"" a Republican."
Says Republican  lieutenants to House Speaker  Joe Straus aired radio ads supporting  Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark  Homer... helping the  Democrat to a narrow win.
Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus,  are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger,  doing events with her in her district.
Powerful Houston  Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County)  and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob  Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous  Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials.
The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
"Says Jeanne Shaheen ""got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views."""
Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
Says Barack Obama promised to halve the deficit in his first term.
"In Texas public schools, ""we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year."""
Says the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent.
Republicans have already cut our neighborhood public schools three budgets in a row.
John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago.
In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent.
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the non-existence of God.
We had people that were getting killed (in Benghazi), we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them, and somebody told them to stand down.
